timestamp4.sim_seconds                                  7.564173                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp4.sim_ticks                                7564173033000                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp4.final_tick                               26130954591500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp4.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp4.host_inst_rate                                 769805                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp4.host_op_rate                                   788464                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp4.host_tick_rate                             1832312899                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp4.host_mem_usage                                 994148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp4.host_seconds                                  4128.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp4.sim_insts                                  3177915167                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp4.sim_ops                                    3254945524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp4.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        35584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       128512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    523809536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        58112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       339712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    526587392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       339200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    543195392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        35072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       510464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    499758848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total       2094932480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       128512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       339712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       339200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       510464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        30208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total      1359104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks      2550784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total       2550784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2046131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2056982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2121857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst         1994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1952183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total           8183330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks         9964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total             9964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        16990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     69248751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        44911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     69615990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        10289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker           68                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        44843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71811603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker           68                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        67484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66069198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total           276954595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        44911                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        44843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        67484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         179676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        337219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             337219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        337219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        16990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     69248751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        44911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     69615990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        10289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.itb.walker           68                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        44843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71811603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.itb.walker           68                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        67484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66069198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total          277291814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                   8183330                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                     9964                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                65466640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  79712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM           2094344800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                587680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten               2428416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys            2094932480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys            2550784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                18365                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                3824                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0         8195894                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1         8297489                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2         8155384                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3         8037048                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4         8224092                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5         8204992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6         8067496                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7         8265880                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             320                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1            6056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2           11930                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4           12548                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5           22644                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6           22223                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7              95                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                7564186431000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5            65466640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              79712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0               7819117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1               7843404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2               7873661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3               7893762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4               7908914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5               7924072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6               7946659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7               7973433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                355665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                331784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10               302302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11               282737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12               267958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13               253131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14               230971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15               204827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                 6434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                 5495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                 4716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                 4178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                 3814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                 3486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                 3051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                 2417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                  443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                  274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                  270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                  268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                  263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                  261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                  257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                  251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                 2986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                 2998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                 3017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                 3034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                 3041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                 3057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                 3084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                 3114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                 3224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                 3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                 3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                 3231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                 3231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                 3232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                 3232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                 3232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                 3232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                 3232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                 3213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                 3195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                 3187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                 3170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                 3142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                 3110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples      8213684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.278048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.644434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.196649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63        10823      0.13%      0.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7706      0.09%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4553      0.06%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159          405      0.00%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4560      0.06%      0.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7710      0.09%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255         9827      0.12%      0.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8168100     99.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total      8213684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean 20269.874535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  2442.974402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 35359.671068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         2294     71.07%     71.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095          153      4.74%     75.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            4      0.12%     75.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.03%     75.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            4      0.12%     76.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            3      0.09%     76.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.03%     76.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      0.03%     76.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            2      0.06%     76.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            4      0.12%     76.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            3      0.09%     76.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            5      0.15%     76.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719            2      0.06%     76.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767            8      0.25%     76.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.03%     77.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.03%     77.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959            2      0.06%     77.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            1      0.03%     77.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            2      0.06%     77.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            3      0.09%     77.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            7      0.22%     77.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::51200-53247            6      0.19%     77.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295            3      0.09%     77.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343            8      0.25%     78.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            6      0.19%     78.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::59392-61439           10      0.31%     78.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::61440-63487            7      0.22%     78.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535           14      0.43%     79.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::65536-67583           18      0.56%     79.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::67584-69631           13      0.40%     80.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::69632-71679           18      0.56%     80.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::71680-73727           31      0.96%     81.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::73728-75775           32      0.99%     82.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::75776-77823           42      1.30%     83.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::77824-79871           39      1.21%     85.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::79872-81919           44      1.36%     86.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::81920-83967           42      1.30%     87.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::83968-86015           37      1.15%     88.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::86016-88063           41      1.27%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88064-90111           38      1.18%     91.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159           45      1.39%     92.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207           33      1.02%     93.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255           51      1.58%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96256-98303           48      1.49%     96.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::98304-100351           51      1.58%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::100352-102399           39      1.21%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::102400-104447           10      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total         3228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.509294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.415362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.911646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16            121      3.75%      3.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::17             26      0.81%      4.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18             45      1.39%      5.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19             32      0.99%      6.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::20             11      0.34%      7.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21             31      0.96%      8.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22             42      1.30%      9.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23             41      1.27%     10.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24           2648     82.03%     92.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25            227      7.03%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              3      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total         3228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat               1743015957350                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat          2852364218600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat             209434480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   26631.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              43581.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                     276.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                  276.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits               57247223                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 63256                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                   923216.77                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6790794262050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT  608979763050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          2607476054.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          2556097689.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          2585683900.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          2581005772.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0            1759011624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1            1724351616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2            1744310568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3            1741154688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         17155041945.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1          16807904256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         16984458316.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         16960702387.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        14798868.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        19835228.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        30374507.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        24014361.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      47070867179.520004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      46759237381.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      47070638723.520004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      47063441073.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      1350760956336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      1351034315808.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2      1350761156736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      1350767470464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        1518232574973.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        1517766164944.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        1518041045717.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        1518002211712.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          65.438653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          65.418550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          65.430397                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          65.428724                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        65280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    514797568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    518046976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        33024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    534562048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        56576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    490672384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        35072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total       2058336256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        65280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        45056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        33024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        56576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        35072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total       249088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       683776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        683776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2010928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2023621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2088133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1916689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total           8040376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         2671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             2671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         8630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68057350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         5957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     68486928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         4366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     70670256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         7479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     64867948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total           272116495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4637                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          32930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks         90397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total              90397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks         90397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         8630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68057350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         5957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     68486928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         4366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     70670256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         7479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     64867948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total          272206892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                   8040376                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     2671                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                64323008                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  21368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM           2057182752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ               1153504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                215200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys            2058336256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             683776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                36047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts               14651                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           52                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0         8213873                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1         8101593                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2         8068226                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3         7828073                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4         8045808                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5         7792218                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6         8192151                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7         8045019                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0              88                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1            1284                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             989                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3            1255                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             834                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             449                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             722                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7            1104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                7564195038000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5            64323008                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              21368                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0               7687287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1               7709870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2               7739866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3               7754851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4               7769100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5               7783581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6               7812773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7               7839657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                343868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                321625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10               292422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11               277835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12               263939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13               249807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14               221124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15               194808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                 5014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                 4314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                 3524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                 3128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                 2767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                 2418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                 1914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                 1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                  116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples      8055975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.387827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.882275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.184599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7399      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7390      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4376      0.05%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159          319      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4379      0.05%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7392      0.09%      0.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6904      0.09%      0.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8017816     99.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total      8055975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean 228446.135231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 33024.286361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 638967.281742                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          226     80.43%     80.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143           17      6.05%     86.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215            8      2.85%     89.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            2      0.71%     90.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            5      1.78%     91.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            1      0.36%     92.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            3      1.07%     93.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            2      0.71%     93.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            1      0.36%     94.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            4      1.42%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            3      1.07%     96.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            1      0.36%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            1      0.36%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            2      0.71%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.75251e+06            1      0.36%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.75251e+06-2.88358e+06            1      0.36%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3.2768e+06-3.40787e+06            1      0.36%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3.67002e+06-3.80109e+06            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::6.94682e+06-7.07789e+06            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.932384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.830210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.013983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16             12      4.27%      4.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.36%      4.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.36%      4.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.71%      5.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.71%      6.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.07%      7.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.36%      7.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            148     52.67%     60.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::25            110     39.15%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat               1708885343250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat          2798549332200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat             205718275200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   26582.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              43532.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                     271.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                  272.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits               56232076                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  5635                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                   940463.86                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6805750137400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT  594023887700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          2577412051.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          2505237638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2            2484212976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          2555961004.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0          1738730352.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1            1690041264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2            1675857960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3            1724259408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0          16968599232                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         16491213772.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         16353171993.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         16823946547.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        7878021.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        8074183.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        7403166.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        7937740.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      46782904164.480003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      46291407318.720009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      46146320467.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      46669156551.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      1351013555472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      1351444693056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2      1351571962224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      1351113334080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        1517953502257.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        1517295090198.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        1517103351752.639893                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        1517759018297.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          65.426624                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          65.398245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          65.389981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          65.418242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        91392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    517691136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       231680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    520334080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       193536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    537272576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       401920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    493111040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        44032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total       2069392128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        91392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       231680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       193536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       401920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        44032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total       980224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       868096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        868096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2022231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2032555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2098721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst         1570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1926215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total           8083563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         3391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             3391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        12082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68439885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        30629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     68789288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        25586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71028594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        53135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     65190344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           68                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total           273578105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        30629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        25586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        53135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         129588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        114764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             114764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        114764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        12082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68439885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        30629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     68789288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        25586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71028594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        53135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     65190344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           68                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total          273692870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                   8083563                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     3391                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                64668504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  27128                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM           2068654848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                737280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                226816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys            2069392128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             868096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                23040                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts               20032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0         8125389                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1         8001008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2         7800106                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3         7910848                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4         8432865                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5         8040512                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6         8215696                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7         8119040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0            3943                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             961                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3              79                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             880                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             897                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                7564173341000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5            64668504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              27128                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0               7730363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1               7753555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2               7783820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3               7798689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4               7813180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5               7828034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6               7857296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7               7883982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                345439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                322809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10               293343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11               278842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12               264643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13               250083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14               221354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15               195289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                 4981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                 4283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                 3494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                 3120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                 2827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                 2535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                 2004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                 1383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                   32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples      8100850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.390689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.892677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.137922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7156      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7555      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4425      0.05%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159          368      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4424      0.05%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7549      0.09%      0.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6859      0.08%      0.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8062514     99.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total      8100850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean 216989.171717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 29378.706824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 470992.301556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535          128     43.10%     43.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071          105     35.35%     78.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            5      1.68%     80.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            5      1.68%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            7      2.36%     84.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            3      1.01%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            3      1.01%     86.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            5      1.68%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            5      1.68%     89.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            2      0.67%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            2      0.67%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            5      1.68%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            1      0.34%     92.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            4      1.35%     94.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            3      1.01%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            2      0.67%     95.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.37626e+06            2      0.67%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            3      1.01%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.50733e+06            1      0.34%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            1      0.34%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.03162e+06            1      0.34%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2.03162e+06-2.09715e+06            1      0.34%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2.5559e+06-2.62144e+06            1      0.34%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2.81805e+06-2.88358e+06            1      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::4.06323e+06-4.12877e+06            1      0.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.865320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.757103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.078374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              7      2.36%      2.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::17              7      2.36%      4.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18              5      1.68%      6.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19              4      1.35%      7.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.67%      8.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.01%      9.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.67%     10.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::23              5      1.68%     11.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            121     40.74%     52.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::25            141     47.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat               1718411457000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat          2814152071800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat             206865484800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   26582.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              43532.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                     273.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                  273.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    32.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits               56545778                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  5924                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                   935355.06                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6802383742200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT  597389240400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          2538885686.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          2479620729.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          2584976889.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          2577777350.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0            1712740344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1            1672760016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2            1743833616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3            1738976784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         16710597196.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         16323756134.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         17018361484.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         16968902745.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        8763033.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        7383260.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        7192903.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        7545000.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      46536433574.400002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      46103219219.520004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      46848095000.640007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      46808701251.840004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0      1351229757744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      1351609770336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      1350956370528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      1350990926448.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        1517601600544.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        1517060932660.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        1518023253387.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        1517957252545.920410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          65.411457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          65.388153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          65.429631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          65.426786                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       470016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    512041728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       142848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    515252736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       116992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    531291904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       112384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    488354048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total       2047811840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       470016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       142848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       116992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       112384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total       870912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks      1578496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total       1578496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         1836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2000163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2012706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2075359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1907633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total           7999265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         6166                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             6166                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        62137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     67693022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        18885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     68117524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        15467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     70237936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        14857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     64561459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           68                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total           270725145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        62137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        15467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        14857                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         115136                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        208681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             208681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        208681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        62137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     67693022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        18885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     68117524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        15467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     70237936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        14857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     64561459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           68                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total          270933825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                   7999265                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     6166                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                63994120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  49328                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM           2047240576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                571264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten               1355008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys            2047811840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys            1578496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                17852                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                6984                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0         7931384                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1         8060866                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2         8011056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3         7931772                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4         7995503                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5         8050464                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6         7957778                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7         8037445                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             232                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2              88                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3            6703                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4           17873                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5            5873                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7           11359                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                7564193012000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5            63994120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              49328                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0               7651834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1               7674867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2               7703840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3               7718238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4               7732374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5               7746485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6               7775406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7               7801432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                339296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                316683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10               288468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11               274436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12               260610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13               246833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14               218461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15               193063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                 6045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                 5051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                 4290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                 3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                 3624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                 3286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                 2736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                 2111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                  468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                  365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                  355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                  347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                  338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                  337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                  334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                  328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                 1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                 1644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                 1650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                 1656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                 1666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                 1676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                 1693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                 1747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                 1783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                 1799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                 1799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                 1799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                 1799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                 1799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                 1799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                 1799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                 1798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                 1798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                 1790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                 1784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                 1774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                 1765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                 1748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                 1704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                  435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples      8023376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.328378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.753659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.748645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9076      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7433      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4503      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159          362      0.00%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4495      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7412      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7994      0.10%      0.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7982101     99.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total      8023376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean 35567.116796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  7126.085580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 40944.934979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          857     47.66%     47.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095          169      9.40%     57.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            2      0.11%     57.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            2      0.11%     57.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            2      0.11%     57.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            2      0.11%     57.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            1      0.06%     57.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      0.06%     57.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            1      0.06%     57.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            1      0.06%     57.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719            2      0.11%     57.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767            4      0.22%     58.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            2      0.11%     58.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            4      0.22%     58.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            3      0.17%     58.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959            3      0.17%     58.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.06%     58.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            2      0.11%     58.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            3      0.17%     59.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            2      0.11%     59.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            7      0.39%     59.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::51200-53247            5      0.28%     59.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295            8      0.44%     60.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343            3      0.17%     60.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391           10      0.56%     61.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::59392-61439            8      0.44%     61.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::61440-63487           11      0.61%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535           14      0.78%     62.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::65536-67583           16      0.89%     63.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::67584-69631           20      1.11%     64.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::69632-71679           11      0.61%     65.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::71680-73727           28      1.56%     67.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::73728-75775           39      2.17%     69.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::75776-77823           49      2.73%     71.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::77824-79871           40      2.22%     74.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::79872-81919           44      2.45%     76.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::81920-83967           36      2.00%     78.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::83968-86015           45      2.50%     81.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::86016-88063           40      2.22%     83.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88064-90111           45      2.50%     85.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159           40      2.22%     88.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207           42      2.34%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255           35      1.95%     92.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96256-98303           43      2.39%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::98304-100351           63      3.50%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::100352-102399           29      1.61%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::102400-104447            3      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total         1798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.550612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.439978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.088324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16             56      3.11%      3.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::17             39      2.17%      5.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18             38      2.11%      7.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19             18      1.00%      8.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::20             11      0.61%      9.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21             13      0.72%      9.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22             23      1.28%     11.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::23             43      2.39%     13.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24           1161     64.57%     77.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25            395     21.97%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total         1798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat               1701851511400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat          2786249254000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat             204724057600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   26601.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              43551.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                     270.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                  270.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits               55959914                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 35322                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                   944882.67                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6806158910500                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT  593615114600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          2513795558.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1            2511038880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          2524920249.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          2515819219.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0            1695814464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1            1693954800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2            1703319216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3          1697179632.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         16550211724.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         16527014899.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2          16601452608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3          16554842304                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        7076782.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        10492001.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        17984747.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        12414643.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      46332741712.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      46337719207.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      46589508964.799995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      46411183434.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      1351408434816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      1351404068592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      1351183200384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      1351339626288.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        1517372498022.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        1517348711345.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        1517484809135.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        1517395488485.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          65.401582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          65.400557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          65.406423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          65.402573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       483072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    516496128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       300288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    519259904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       382464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    535636480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       343040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    492290560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total       2065248768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       483072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       300288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       382464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       343040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total      1557248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks      1817600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total       1817600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         1887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2017563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2028359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2092330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst         1340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1923010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total           8067378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         7100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             7100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        63863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68281903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        39699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     68647280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        50563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     70812299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        45351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     65081874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total           273030344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        63863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        39699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        50563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        45351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         205872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        240291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             240291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        240291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        63863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68281903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        39699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     68647280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        50563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     70812299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        45351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     65081874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total          273270635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                   8067378                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     7100                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                64539024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  56800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM           2064673504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                575264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten               1647488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys            2065248768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys            1817600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                17977                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                5324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           34                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0         8177333                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1         7882920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2         8277503                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3         7977728                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4         8154455                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5         7925609                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6         7967779                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7         8157720                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0           21444                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2           22196                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             905                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             889                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7            5794                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                7564189564000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5            64539024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              56800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0               7714587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1               7737639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2               7767515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3               7782220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4               7796527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5               7810919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6               7839987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7               7866969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                345875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                322945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10               293899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11               279569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12               265600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13               251517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14               223001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15               196702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                 5211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                 4477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                 3625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                 3240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                 2901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                 2594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                 2043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                 1367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                 1971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                 1979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                 1985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                 2000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                 2005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                 2024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                 2052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                 2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                 2191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                 2208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                 2207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                 2207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                 2207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                 2207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                 2207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                 2207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                 2207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                 2208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                 2202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                 2188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                 2183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                 2167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                 2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                 2064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                  331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples      8092949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.323615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.740764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.801171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9395      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7549      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4407      0.05%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159          328      0.00%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4399      0.05%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7531      0.09%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8396      0.10%      0.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8050944     99.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total      8092949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean 29190.561594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  4796.245673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 39346.501005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1424     64.49%     64.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           12      0.54%     65.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            2      0.09%     65.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.09%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            3      0.14%     65.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            8      0.36%     65.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            6      0.27%     65.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            4      0.18%     66.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            6      0.27%     66.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            5      0.23%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            3      0.14%     66.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247           13      0.59%     67.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343           17      0.77%     68.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439           14      0.63%     68.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535           19      0.86%     69.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631           42      1.90%     71.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727           41      1.86%     73.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823           81      3.67%     77.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919           87      3.94%     81.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015           82      3.71%     84.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111           73      3.31%     88.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           84      3.80%     91.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303           88      3.99%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           83      3.76%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495            8      0.36%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total         2208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.317029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.190097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.229684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16             85      3.85%      3.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::17             71      3.22%      7.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18             37      1.68%      8.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19             33      1.49%     10.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::20              9      0.41%     10.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21             24      1.09%     11.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::22             34      1.54%     13.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::23             71      3.22%     16.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24           1548     70.11%     86.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::25            295     13.36%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total         2208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat               1715506580150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat          2809138326800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat             206467350400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   26588.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              43538.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                     272.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                  273.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits               56436699                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 42883                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                   936802.30                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6800621393100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT  599152632000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          2539151193.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          2577612844.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          2540452723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3            2553102720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0            1712919456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1            1738865808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2          1713797472.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3            1722331200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         16690759987.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         16943141529.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         16726366924.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         16800299443.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        21321169.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        21364300.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        6974346.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        14112506.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      46684108572.480003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1       46988187120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      46535114439.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      46647552985.920006                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      1351100218272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      1350833482704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      1351230914880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      1351132284576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        1517612901616.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        1517967077272.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        1517618043750.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        1517734106397.119873                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          65.411944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          65.427209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          65.412165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          65.417168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        42496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    512860160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        67584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    515409664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        72192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    532057856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       222208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        38912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    488463360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total       2049351168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        42496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        27392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        38912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        29696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total       169472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       830208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        830208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2003360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2013319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2078351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1908060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total           8005278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         3243                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             3243                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     67801220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     68138270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         2403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     70339197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        29376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         5144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     64575910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total           270928647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5618                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          22405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        109755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             109755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        109755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     67801220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     68138270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         9544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         2403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     70339197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        29376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         5144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     64575910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total          271038403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                   8005278                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     3243                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                64042224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  25944                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM           2048651328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                699840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                229120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys            2049351168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             830208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                21870                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts               18784                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0         7918958                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1         8269122                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2         7742045                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3         7948318                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4         8042896                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5         8155357                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6         7904806                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7         8038852                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             176                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             241                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3            2132                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5            2030                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             160                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7            2213                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                7564181569000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5            64042224                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              25944                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0               7658029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1               7680502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2               7710238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3               7725177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4               7739301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5               7753837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6               7782109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7               7808489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                339602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                317595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10               288682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11               274112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12               260330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13               246096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14               218381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15               192605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                 5131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                 4398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                 3578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                 3211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                 2871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                 2567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                 2010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                 1409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                   43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples      8022704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.385273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.881300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.190624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7229      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7459      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4477      0.06%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159          310      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4483      0.06%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7459      0.09%      0.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6769      0.08%      0.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7984518     99.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total      8022704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean 215796.601351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 59432.634679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 423598.807664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           89     30.07%     30.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071          144     48.65%     78.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607           11      3.72%     82.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            3      1.01%     83.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            6      2.03%     85.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            5      1.69%     87.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            2      0.68%     87.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            3      1.01%     88.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            3      1.01%     89.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            2      0.68%     90.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            1      0.34%     90.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            2      0.68%     91.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            2      0.68%     92.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            4      1.35%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            5      1.69%     95.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            1      0.34%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            2      0.68%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            1      0.34%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            2      0.68%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.76947e+06-1.83501e+06            1      0.34%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.90054e+06            1      0.34%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.03162e+06            2      0.68%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            1      0.34%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.42483e+06            1      0.34%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.68698e+06            1      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2.68698e+06-2.75251e+06            1      0.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.189189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.119482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.660514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              8      2.70%      2.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.34%      3.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.68%      3.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::20              1      0.34%      4.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              5      1.69%      5.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.34%      6.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.68%      6.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            117     39.53%     46.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::25            159     53.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat               1701548008200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat          2786693008500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat             204865132800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   26578.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              43528.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                     270.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                  270.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    32.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits               55998811                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  5999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                   944516.67                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6808089602550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT  591684422550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          2562898060.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1            2469038544                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          2555762630.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          2513835475.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0            1728939168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1            1665621240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2            1724125584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3          1695841392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         16874067225.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         16253777779.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         16824777715.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         16545896140.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        7034065.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        7637068.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        7617162.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        8085381.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      46674566717.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      46035209263.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      46643491612.799995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      46374952884.480003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0      1351108588320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      1351669428192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2      1351135847184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      1351371407472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        1517820516523.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        1516965135052.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        1517756044853.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        1517374441710.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          65.420892                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          65.384024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          65.418113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          65.401666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        31488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       556288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    523064064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       263936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    526046208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       275712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    542844416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       344320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    498598400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total       2092171776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       556288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       263936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       275712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       344320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total      1494784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks      1926656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total       1926656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         2173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2043219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2054868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2120486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst         1345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1947650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total           8172546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         7526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             7526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        73542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     69150198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        34893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     69544444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        36450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71765203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        45520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     65915785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total           276589624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        73542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        34893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        36450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        45520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         197614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        254708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             254708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        254708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        73542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     69150198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        34893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     69544444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.itb.walker           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        36450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71765203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.itb.walker           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        45520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     65915785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total          276844332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                   8172546                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     7526                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                65380368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  60208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM           2091597568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                574208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten               1780736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys            2092171776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys            1926656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                17944                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                4552                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          695                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0         8296047                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1         8141534                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2         8115793                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3         8193184                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4         8255504                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5         8166345                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6         8063337                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7         8130680                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0           27086                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1           22042                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2            6008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             127                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4              97                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5              64                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                7564173341000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5            65380368                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              60208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0               7809437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1               7833159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2               7863638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3               7878840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4               7893624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5               7908708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6               7938401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7               7965614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                355417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                331965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10               302300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11               287525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12               273080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13               258336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14               229231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15               202696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                 6004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                 5077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                 4242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                 3812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                 3465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                 3127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                 2552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                 1865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                   44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                   35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                   35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                   33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                 2138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                 2142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                 2149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                 2150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                 2157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                 2181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                 2199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                 2302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                 2384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                 2392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                 2392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                 2392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                 2392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                 2392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                 2392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                 2392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                 2389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                 2389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                 2382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                 2381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                 2375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                 2353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                 2335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                 2240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                  266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples      8199500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.305604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.707717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.941060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9768      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7825      0.10%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4587      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159          384      0.00%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4588      0.06%      0.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7791      0.10%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8785      0.11%      0.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8155772     99.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total      8199500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean 27297.724152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  3846.212690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 39274.263992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         1498     62.70%     62.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095          119      4.98%     67.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            7      0.29%     67.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.04%     68.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.04%     68.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            2      0.08%     68.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.04%     68.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      0.04%     68.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            1      0.04%     68.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            3      0.13%     68.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            1      0.04%     68.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719            4      0.17%     68.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767            2      0.08%     68.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.04%     68.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            1      0.04%     68.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959            3      0.13%     68.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            3      0.13%     69.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            2      0.08%     69.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            2      0.08%     69.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            2      0.08%     69.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            5      0.21%     69.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::51200-53247            1      0.04%     69.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295            4      0.17%     69.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343           12      0.50%     70.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            4      0.17%     70.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::59392-61439            9      0.38%     70.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::61440-63487           12      0.50%     71.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535           15      0.63%     71.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::65536-67583           11      0.46%     72.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::67584-69631           14      0.59%     72.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::69632-71679           16      0.67%     73.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::71680-73727           13      0.54%     74.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::73728-75775           44      1.84%     75.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::75776-77823           46      1.93%     77.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::77824-79871           42      1.76%     79.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::79872-81919           36      1.51%     81.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::81920-83967           39      1.63%     82.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::83968-86015           42      1.76%     84.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::86016-88063           39      1.63%     86.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88064-90111           34      1.42%     87.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159           50      2.09%     89.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207           43      1.80%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255           37      1.55%     93.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96256-98303           44      1.84%     94.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::98304-100351           42      1.76%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::100352-102399           51      2.13%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::102400-104447           27      1.13%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104448-106495            2      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total         2389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.293428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.164545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.242362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16             96      4.02%      4.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17             89      3.73%      7.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18             33      1.38%      9.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19             26      1.09%     10.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::20              7      0.29%     10.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21             22      0.92%     11.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::22             21      0.88%     12.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23             92      3.85%     16.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24           1758     73.59%     89.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::25            243     10.17%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total         2389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat               1739767631450                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat          2847660718250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat             209159756800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   26617.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              43567.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                     276.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                  276.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits               57172264                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 46308                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                   924707.43                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6792601212700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT  607171946900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          2595663705.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          2573194780.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          2590038460.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          2546459596.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0            1751042976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1            1735885368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2            1747248168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3            1717849728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         17031859852.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         16932878476.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         17053301491.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3          16764643584                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        37615518.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        14080573.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        6768645.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        6861127.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      47285665724.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      46765150315.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      46885926000.959999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      46591324355.520004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      1350572536560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      1351029129024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      1350923185440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      1351181607936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        1518138807302.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        1517914741503.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        1518070891171.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        1517673169293.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          65.434611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          65.424954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          65.431684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          65.414541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        80896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    517538560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       242688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    520386304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       365568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    537083648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       327680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    493254912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total       2069328640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        80896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       242688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       365568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       327680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total      1048576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks      1913600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total       1913600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2021635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2032759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2097983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst         1280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1926777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total           8083315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         7475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             7475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        10695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68419715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        32084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     68796192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        48329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71003617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        43320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     65209364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total           273569712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        32084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        48329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        43320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2978                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         138624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        252982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             252982                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        252982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        10695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68419715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        32084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     68796192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.itb.walker           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        48329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71003617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.itb.walker           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        43320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     65209364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total          273822694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                   8083315                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     7475                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                64666520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  59800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM           2068763040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                565600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten               1774656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys            2069328640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys            1913600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                17675                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                4349                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0         7921720                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1         8035161                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2         8261866                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3         7881523                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4         8294626                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5         8166112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6         8066192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7         8021645                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0              96                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1           22423                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2           26751                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3            5924                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4              56                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5              56                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6              64                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7              88                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                7564173341000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5            64666520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              59800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0               7730608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1               7753175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2               7782394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3               7797165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4               7811313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5               7825902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6               7855609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7               7882323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                345317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                322971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10               294505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11               280107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12               266299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13               252030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14               222913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15               196840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                 5586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                 4763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                 4000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                 3626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                 3278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                 2955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                 2368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                 1779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                  208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                  127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                  119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                  116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                 2145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                 2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                 2159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                 2163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                 2169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                 2203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                 2230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                 2301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                 2365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                 2371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                 2372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                 2372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                 2372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                 2372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                 2371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                 2372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                 2372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                 2371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                 2364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                 2360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                 2355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                 2323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                 2300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                 2229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                  288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples      8109990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.307059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.709013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.934532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9735      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7602      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4548      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159          396      0.00%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4541      0.06%      0.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7589      0.09%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8742      0.11%      0.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8066836     99.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::480-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total      8109990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean 27165.010549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  3815.480506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 38944.837248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         1486     62.70%     62.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095          117      4.94%     67.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            4      0.17%     67.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.04%     67.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            4      0.17%     68.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            2      0.08%     68.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            2      0.08%     68.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            3      0.13%     68.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            1      0.04%     68.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719            2      0.08%     68.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767            2      0.08%     68.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            2      0.08%     68.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            3      0.13%     68.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            2      0.08%     68.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            1      0.04%     68.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            3      0.13%     68.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            3      0.13%     69.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::51200-53247            5      0.21%     69.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295            2      0.08%     69.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343           11      0.46%     69.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            6      0.25%     70.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::59392-61439           10      0.42%     70.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::61440-63487           10      0.42%     70.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535           16      0.68%     71.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::65536-67583           16      0.68%     72.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::67584-69631           16      0.68%     73.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::69632-71679           17      0.72%     73.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::71680-73727           27      1.14%     74.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::73728-75775           37      1.56%     76.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::75776-77823           47      1.98%     78.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::77824-79871           41      1.73%     80.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::79872-81919           38      1.60%     81.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::81920-83967           48      2.03%     83.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::83968-86015           42      1.77%     85.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::86016-88063           36      1.52%     87.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88064-90111           35      1.48%     88.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159           39      1.65%     90.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207           48      2.03%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255           35      1.48%     93.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96256-98303           54      2.28%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::98304-100351           47      1.98%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::100352-102399           40      1.69%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::102400-104447            8      0.34%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::104448-106495            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total         2370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.400000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.288087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.101960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16             78      3.29%      3.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::17             55      2.32%      5.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18             42      1.77%      7.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19             39      1.65%      9.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::20              9      0.38%      9.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21             33      1.39%     10.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22             30      1.27%     12.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::23             65      2.74%     14.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24           1753     73.97%     88.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::25            262     11.05%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.04%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.08%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total         2370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat               1719938383900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat          2815736306650                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat             206876304000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   26604.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              43554.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                     273.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                  273.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   2.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    30.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits               56548136                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 46177                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                   934911.59                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6799093874800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT  600678993400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          2529251222.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          2549865830.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          2598667747.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          2531652278.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0            1706240904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1            1720147584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2          1753069512.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3            1707860664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         16623495782.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1          16748387136                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         17109680140.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         16667894630.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        21499914.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        29879331.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        6814679.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        6791454.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      46635774943.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      46790528958.720009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      46941185321.279999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3       46483798680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      1351142619696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      1351006870560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      1350874715856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3      1351275932208.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        1517523305427.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        1517710102366.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        1518148556221.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        1517538352880.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          65.408082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          65.416133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          65.435031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          65.408730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       678400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    526086656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       408064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    529744384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        36096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       483840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    546089472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       110592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       473344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    501847040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total       2106074368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       678400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       408064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       483840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       473344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total      2091520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks      2009344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total       2009344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         2650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2055026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2069314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2133162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst         1849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1960340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total           8226853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         7849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             7849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        89686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     69549791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        53947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     70033351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        63965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     72194207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        62577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66345262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total           278427577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        89686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        53947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        63965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        62577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         276503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        265640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             265640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        265640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        89686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     69549791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        53947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     70033351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        63965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     72194207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        62577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66345262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total          278693216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                   8226853                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     7849                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                65814824                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  62792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM           2105493344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                581024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten               1858336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys            2106074368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys            2009344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                18157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                4717                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           46                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0         8397252                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1         7977888                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2         8388278                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3         8479530                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4         7909230                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5         8232840                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6         8265261                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7         8146388                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0           22073                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2           22346                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3            5989                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             919                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             160                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             609                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            5825                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                7564188557000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5            65814824                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              62792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0               7859830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1               7883802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2               7915267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3               7930597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4               7945502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5               7960637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6               7990423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7               8018227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                359582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                335788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10               305200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11               290246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12               275675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13               260886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14               231682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15               204587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                 5750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                 4903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                 4023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                 3639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                 3298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                 2948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                 2364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                 1665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                   37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                 2262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                 2271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                 2276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                 2284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                 2293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                 2314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                 2341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                 2406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                 2468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                 2474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                 2475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                 2476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                 2476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                 2476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                 2476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                 2477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                 2477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                 2476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                 2470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                 2463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                 2454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                 2432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                 2407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                 2346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                  305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples      8254186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.307026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.708600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.935340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9939      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7692      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4631      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159          425      0.01%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4627      0.06%      0.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7679      0.09%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8929      0.11%      0.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8210264     99.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total      8254186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean 26524.004446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  3715.415591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 39020.213350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         1570     63.46%     63.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095          129      5.21%     68.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            7      0.28%     68.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            5      0.20%     69.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            2      0.08%     69.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      0.04%     69.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            2      0.08%     69.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            2      0.08%     69.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            2      0.08%     69.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719            2      0.08%     69.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767            4      0.16%     69.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.04%     69.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::36864-38911            2      0.08%     69.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959            2      0.08%     69.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            2      0.08%     70.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            1      0.04%     70.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            3      0.12%     70.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            2      0.08%     70.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            4      0.16%     70.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::51200-53247            3      0.12%     70.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295            6      0.24%     70.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343            5      0.20%     71.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            7      0.28%     71.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::59392-61439            7      0.28%     71.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::61440-63487            8      0.32%     71.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535           11      0.44%     72.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::65536-67583           15      0.61%     72.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::67584-69631           21      0.85%     73.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::69632-71679           20      0.81%     74.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::71680-73727           16      0.65%     75.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::73728-75775           29      1.17%     76.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::75776-77823           44      1.78%     78.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::77824-79871           38      1.54%     79.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::79872-81919           47      1.90%     81.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::81920-83967           38      1.54%     83.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::83968-86015           43      1.74%     84.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::86016-88063           35      1.41%     86.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88064-90111           46      1.86%     88.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159           41      1.66%     89.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207           34      1.37%     91.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255           43      1.74%     92.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96256-98303           43      1.74%     94.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::98304-100351           39      1.58%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::100352-102399           59      2.38%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::102400-104447           30      1.21%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104448-106495            3      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total         2474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.473323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.371324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.999873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16             76      3.07%      3.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17             54      2.18%      5.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18             38      1.54%      6.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19             26      1.05%      7.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::20             14      0.57%      8.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21             27      1.09%      9.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22             28      1.13%     10.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::23             62      2.51%     13.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24           1867     75.46%     88.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::25            280     11.32%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total         2474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat               1751269318750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat          2866522824400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat             210549334400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   26616.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              43566.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                     278.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                  278.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits               57552186                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 48368                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                   918574.66                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6788635031200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT  611138993900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          2585847801.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          2675162246.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          2554641331.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3            2602040112                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0            1744421136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1            1804672944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          1723369152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3            1755344520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         16995198604.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1          17575960896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2          16818529728                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         17118207974.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        23103221.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        29688975.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2             7288704                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        13025111.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      47036010867.840004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      47675879461.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      46644889216.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      47055972012.480003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      1350791532048.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1      1350230243808.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      1351134621216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      1350774022272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        1518040536645.120361                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        1518856031296.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        1517747762312.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        1518183034967.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          65.430376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          65.465525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          65.417756                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          65.436517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1178368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    515214336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    518383872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        30464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    534751488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        56064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    491230976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        42496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total       2060961792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1178368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        50176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        30464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        56064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        42496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total      1376512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       899072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        899072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         4603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2012556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2024937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2088873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1918871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total           8050632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         3512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             3512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       155783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68112447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     68531467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         4027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     70695301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         7412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     64941795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           68                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total           272463597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       155783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5618                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         181978                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        118859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             118859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        118859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       155783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68112447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     68531467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         4027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     70695301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         7412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     64941795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           68                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total          272582456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                   8050632                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     3512                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                64405056                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  28096                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM           2060256768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                705024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                280832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys            2060961792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             899072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                22032                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts               19328                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0         8025221                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1         7905505                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2         7962726                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3         8353704                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4         7969260                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5         8058617                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6         8005447                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7         8102544                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0            4739                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2            1218                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4            1323                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             433                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             855                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                7564189317000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5            64405056                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              28096                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0               7700028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1               7723082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2               7752651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3               7767403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4               7781760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5               7796349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6               7825580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7               7851535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                343056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                320499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10               291704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11               277341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12               263305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13               249059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14               220368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15               194982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                 4939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                 4264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                 3493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                 3101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                 2778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                 2437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                 1911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                 1328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples      8068196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.390127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.889008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.153920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7291      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7336      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4482      0.06%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159          340      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4480      0.06%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7306      0.09%      0.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6893      0.09%      0.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8030068     99.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total      8068196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean 172216.857909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 28808.638023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 457580.925339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          308     82.57%     82.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143           21      5.63%     88.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215            9      2.41%     90.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            6      1.61%     92.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            9      2.41%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            2      0.54%     95.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            5      1.34%     96.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            4      1.07%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.27%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            1      0.27%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.83501e+06            1      0.27%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.09715e+06            1      0.27%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.62144e+06            1      0.27%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2.75251e+06-2.88358e+06            1      0.27%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3.2768e+06-3.40787e+06            1      0.27%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3.80109e+06-3.93216e+06            1      0.27%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::4.45645e+06-4.58752e+06            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.528150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.363122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.567871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16             14      3.75%      3.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17             12      3.22%      6.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18             18      4.83%     11.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19              5      1.34%     13.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      0.80%     13.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      0.80%     14.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.54%     15.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23              9      2.41%     17.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            120     32.17%     49.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::25            187     50.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat               1711245469700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat          2802537726500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat             206025676800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   26579.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              43529.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                     272.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                  272.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    32.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits               56316270                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  7334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                   939167.38                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6804626002150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT  595148022950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0            2511946080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          2569735324.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          2538808876.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          2547649238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0            1694566800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1            1733551608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2            1712688528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3            1718652264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0          16532772672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         16917564518.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         16712529100.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         16770981926.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        9203051.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        7562833.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        7822448.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        7238937.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      46356938841.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      46729803712.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      46530266739.840004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3       46594776312                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      1351387209264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      1351060134816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      1351235167248.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      1351178579904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        1517357059674.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        1517882775778.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        1517601705907.200439                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        1517682301547.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          65.400916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          65.423576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          65.411461                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          65.414935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        30464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       484864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    524577024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       449792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    527591680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       441088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    543778816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        27392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       479744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    499594496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total       2097555200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       484864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       449792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       441088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       479744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total      1894656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks      1781504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total       1781504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         1894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2049129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2060905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2124136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst         1874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1951541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total           8193575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         6959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             6959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        64100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     69350215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        59463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     69748759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        58313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71888733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        63423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66047471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total           277301324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        64100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        59463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        58313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        63423                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         250478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        235519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             235519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        235519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        64100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     69350215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        59463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     69748759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        58313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71888733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        63423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66047471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total          277536843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                   8193575                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     6959                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                65548600                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  55672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM           2096965760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                589440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten               1582880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys            2097555200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys            1781504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                18420                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                6192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0         8065691                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1         8238692                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2         7887050                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3         8155541                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4         7865345                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5         8596779                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6         8253040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7         8468042                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0            5986                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1           19033                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3            6728                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             160                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5            5840                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7           11518                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                7564175747000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5            65548600                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              55672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0               7829679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1               7853728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2               7884373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3               7899509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4               7914069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5               7929303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6               7959064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7               7986425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                356140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                332368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10               302568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11               287839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12               273643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13               258746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14               229575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15               202883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                 6059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                 5067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                 4222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                 3815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                 3450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                 3115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                 2526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                 1857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                   34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                 1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                 1963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                 1974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                 1986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                 1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                 1993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                 1999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                 2028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                 2079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                 2090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                 2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                 2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                 2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                 2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                 2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                 2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                 2087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                 2087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                 2077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                 2065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                 2062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                 2058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                 2051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                 2023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                  374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples      8219282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.320190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.734300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.829330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9588      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7722      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4486      0.05%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159          331      0.00%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4489      0.05%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7718      0.09%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8506      0.10%      0.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8176442     99.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total      8219282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean 31339.467657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  5457.559918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 40575.651446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         1138     54.53%     54.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095          160      7.67%     62.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143           16      0.77%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            1      0.05%     63.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.05%     63.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            2      0.10%     63.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            2      0.10%     63.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            2      0.10%     63.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      0.05%     63.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            3      0.14%     63.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::20480-22527            1      0.05%     63.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            4      0.19%     63.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            2      0.10%     63.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            1      0.05%     63.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719            4      0.19%     64.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767            1      0.05%     64.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.05%     64.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            2      0.10%     64.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::38912-40959            1      0.05%     64.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.05%     64.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            7      0.34%     64.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            3      0.14%     64.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            4      0.19%     65.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::51200-53247            5      0.24%     65.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295            7      0.34%     65.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343            7      0.34%     65.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            5      0.24%     66.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::59392-61439            9      0.43%     66.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::61440-63487            7      0.34%     66.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535           10      0.48%     67.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::65536-67583           17      0.81%     68.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::67584-69631           18      0.86%     69.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::69632-71679           19      0.91%     70.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::71680-73727           13      0.62%     70.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::73728-75775           34      1.63%     72.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::75776-77823           42      2.01%     74.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::77824-79871           46      2.20%     76.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::79872-81919           29      1.39%     77.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::81920-83967           50      2.40%     80.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::83968-86015           42      2.01%     82.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::86016-88063           40      1.92%     84.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88064-90111           37      1.77%     86.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::90112-92159           35      1.68%     87.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::92160-94207           43      2.06%     89.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::94208-96255           42      2.01%     91.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96256-98303           42      2.01%     93.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::98304-100351           47      2.25%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::100352-102399           53      2.54%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::102400-104447           29      1.39%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::104448-106495            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total         2087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.701485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.618412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.804839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16             59      2.83%      2.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17             24      1.15%      3.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18             23      1.10%      5.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19             16      0.77%      5.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20              5      0.24%      6.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21             15      0.72%      6.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22             17      0.81%      7.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23             28      1.34%      8.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24           1553     74.41%     83.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::25            345     16.53%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total         2087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat               1743389161950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat          2854125712950                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat             209696576000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   26604.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              43554.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                     277.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                  277.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    30.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits               57319103                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 41260                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                   922400.39                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6791715418900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT  608058606200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          2579666140.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1            2535826608                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          2592607651.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3            2640139488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0            1740250968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1            1710676680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2          1748981352.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3            1781046480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         16961188108.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1          16689089664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2          17065112064                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         17373571238.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        18861465.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        11116984.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        9515335.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        12895303.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      46962057936.959999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      46527770030.400002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      46921005132.480003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      47279123838.720009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      1350856403040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      1351237357344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      1350892414272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      1350578275056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        1517982850625.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        1517576260275.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        1518094058772.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        1518529474369.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          65.427889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          65.410364                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          65.432682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          65.451450                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       268032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        77312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    519148288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       338432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       179200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    522003456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       240640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       393728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    538871808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       413696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       193792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    494888192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total       2077059328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        77312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       179200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       393728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       193792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total       885248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks      1177856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total       1177856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2027923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2039076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2104968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1933157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total           8113513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         4601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             4601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        35434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        10221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68632524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        44741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        23691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     69009983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        31813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        52052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71240016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        54692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        25620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     65425287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           34                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total           274591726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        52052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        25620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         117032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        155715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             155715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        155715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        35434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        10221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68632524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        44741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        23691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     69009983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        31813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.itb.walker           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        52052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71240016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        54692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.itb.walker           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        25620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     65425287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           34                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total          274747441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                   8113513                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     4601                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                64908104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  36808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM           2076462816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                596512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                862752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys            2077059328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys            1177856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                18641                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                9839                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          685                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0         8000607                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1         8068912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2         8171456                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3         8192376                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4         8040336                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5         8442608                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6         8129768                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7         7843400                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0           20394                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             160                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             168                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            5616                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             184                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             247                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                7564172260000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5            64908104                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              36808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0               7756704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1               7779763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2               7809837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3               7824772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4               7839448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5               7854381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6               7884155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7               7911193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                349475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                326729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10               297535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11               282979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12               268661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13               254066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14               224797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15               198382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                 5504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                 4614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                 3711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                 3333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                 2975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                 2641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                 2139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                 1514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                 1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                 1012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                 1015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                 1017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                 1020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                 1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                 1028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                 1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                 1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                 1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                 1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                 1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                 1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                 1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                 1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                 1146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                 1146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                 1144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                 1142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                 1140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                 1138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                 1138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                 1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                  522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples      8135132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.352411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.807726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.521252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8337      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7712      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4516      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159          322      0.00%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4516      0.06%      0.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7666      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7253      0.09%      0.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8094810     99.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total      8135132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean 56516.934555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 22164.073713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 40629.712889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          354     30.89%     30.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           21      1.83%     32.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            7      0.61%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.09%     33.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            3      0.26%     33.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.09%     33.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            6      0.52%     34.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.09%     34.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            5      0.44%     34.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            9      0.79%     35.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            5      0.44%     36.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            9      0.79%     36.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            8      0.70%     37.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439           17      1.48%     39.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535           19      1.66%     40.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631           35      3.05%     43.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727           32      2.79%     46.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823           65      5.67%     52.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919           84      7.33%     59.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015           83      7.24%     66.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111           78      6.81%     73.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           81      7.07%     80.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303           84      7.33%     87.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           93      8.12%     96.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           44      3.84%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total         1146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.526178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.367848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.488351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16             66      5.76%      5.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17             26      2.27%      8.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::18             30      2.62%     10.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19              5      0.44%     11.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::20              7      0.61%     11.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::21              4      0.35%     12.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.09%     12.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23             39      3.40%     15.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            515     44.94%     60.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::25            453     39.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total         1146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat               1725961643450                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat          2825838041300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat             207646281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   26598.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              43548.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                     274.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                  274.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    30.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits               56758783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 22509                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                   931764.73                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6798871484750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT  600901133850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0            2540595456                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          2570990284.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          2589969513.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          2516966524.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0            1713893760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1            1734398208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2            1747201656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3            1697953608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         16708429670.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         16923294835.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         17051315174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         16570289548.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        15612549.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        9021404.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        6994252.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        6817996.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      46633549645.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      46733529323.520004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      46876988638.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      46380186305.279999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      1351144568208.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      1351056866736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      1350931025232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      1351366816752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        1517621072254.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        1517892523756.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        1518067917432                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        1517403453700.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          65.412296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          65.423996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          65.431556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          65.402916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       125952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    519018240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       306944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    521301248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       290560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    537955840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       243200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    494539008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        46336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total       2073853184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       125952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       306944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       290560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       243200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        46336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total      1031936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       506368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        506368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2027415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2036333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2101390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1931793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total           8100989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         1978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             1978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        16651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68615331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        40579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     68917150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        38413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71118923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        32152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     65379124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         6126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total           274167867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        40579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        38413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        32152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         6126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         136424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks         66943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total              66943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks         66943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        16651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68615331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        40579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     68917150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        38413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71118923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        32152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     65379124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         6126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total          274234810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                   8100989                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     1978                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                64807912                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  15824                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM           2072820160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ               1033024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                168288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys            2073853184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             506368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                32282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts               10573                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0         7778750                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1         8310989                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2         8021072                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3         8254195                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4         8008525                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5         7902344                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6         8216954                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7         8282801                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             419                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1            1244                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             982                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             688                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             731                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             963                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                7564189486000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5            64807912                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              15824                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0               7744708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1               7767673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2               7797780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3               7812594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4               7827058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5               7841719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6               7871267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7               7898287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                347439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                324751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10               295486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11               281048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12               266901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13               252558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14               223547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15               197204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                 5080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                 4464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                 3627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                 3253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                 2936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                 2620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                 2084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                 1409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                  115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples      8116689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.398285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.905998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.078027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7120      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7368      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4483      0.06%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159          325      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4488      0.06%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7371      0.09%      0.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6654      0.08%      0.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8078880     99.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total      8116689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean 297828.050691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 82991.032239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 503882.801411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          148     68.20%     68.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143           13      5.99%     74.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215            8      3.69%     77.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            9      4.15%     82.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            7      3.23%     85.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            6      2.76%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            4      1.84%     89.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            3      1.38%     91.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            4      1.84%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            3      1.38%     94.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            3      1.38%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            3      1.38%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.70394e+06            2      0.92%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            2      0.92%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.3593e+06            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::4.1943e+06-4.32538e+06            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.235023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.191329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.352319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.46%      0.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.46%      0.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.92%      1.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.46%      2.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.92%      3.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              5      2.30%      5.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.92%      6.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.46%      6.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24             91     41.94%     48.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::25            111     51.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat               1722180231000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat          2820127159500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat             207282016000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   26586.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              43536.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                     274.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                  274.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    29.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits               56659797                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  4403                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                   933508.61                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6801396853050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT  598377172050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          2541502051.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1            2555760816                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          2497374028.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          2601925804.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0          1714505352.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1            1724124360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2            1684736448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3            1755267408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0          16731277056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         16825330828.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         16440339801.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         17128465036.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        7900830.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        7284142.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        7066828.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        7864750.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      46528162208.640007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      46639554071.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      46241179228.799995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      46980924845.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      1351237013328.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      1351139301168.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      1351488752784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3      1350839853120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        1517624783791.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        1517755778351.040283                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        1517223872085.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        1518178723930.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          65.412456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          65.418102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          65.395176                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          65.436332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    518883072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       194048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    522085120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       219648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    538574336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       212736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    494342400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total       2074620160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        67840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       194048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       219648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       212736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        21248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total       726272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       285952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        285952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2026887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2039395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2103806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1931025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total           8103985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         1117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             1117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         8969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68597462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        25654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     69020780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        29038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71200690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        28124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     65353132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total           274269263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        29038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        28124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          96015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks         37803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total              37803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks         37803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         8969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68597462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        25654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     69020780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        29038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71200690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        28124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     65353132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total          274307066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                   8103985                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     1117                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                64831880                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   8936                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM           2073938688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                681472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                 87712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys            2074620160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             285952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                21296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                6179                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0         8137661                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1         8046684                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2         7955928                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3         8102610                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4         7944853                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5         8304648                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6         8137869                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7         8180331                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             841                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             343                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             418                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4              88                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             360                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             459                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                7564172277000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5            64831880                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               8936                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0               7749013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1               7772388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2               7802891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3               7817892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4               7832180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5               7846794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6               7875728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7               7903082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                347383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                324365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10               294729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11               280134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12               266166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13               251914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14               223501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15               196811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                 5214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                 4506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                 3646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                 3244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                 2927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                 2568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                 2029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                 1368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                   32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                   20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples      8121111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.387028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.886481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.166566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7216      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7546      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4554      0.06%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159          347      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4550      0.06%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7569      0.09%      0.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6829      0.08%      0.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8082500     99.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total      8121111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean 557419.103448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 124334.501072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 628498.617440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           27     23.28%     23.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071           16     13.79%     37.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            4      3.45%     40.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            5      4.31%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            8      6.90%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            1      0.86%     52.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            2      1.72%     54.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            9      7.76%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            6      5.17%     67.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            5      4.31%     71.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            1      0.86%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            4      3.45%     75.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            4      3.45%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.86%     80.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            1      0.86%     81.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            1      0.86%     81.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            2      1.72%     83.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.37626e+06            1      0.86%     84.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            1      0.86%     85.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.50733e+06            2      1.72%     87.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.57286e+06            1      0.86%     87.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.6384e+06            2      1.72%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            4      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.76947e+06-1.83501e+06            4      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            1      0.86%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.16269e+06-2.22822e+06            1      0.86%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.29376e+06            1      0.86%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.29376e+06-2.3593e+06            1      0.86%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.629310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.544176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.839330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      2.59%      2.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.86%      3.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.86%      4.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              4      3.45%      7.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      1.72%      9.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.86%     10.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24             85     73.28%     83.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::25             19     16.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat               1723029566500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat          2821568965300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat             207393868800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   26585.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              43535.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                     274.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                  274.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    27.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits               56689927                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  2287                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              82.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                   933260.59                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6801143838600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT  598628612000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          2563559107.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          2535154675.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          2560065177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          2576227852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          1729385112.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1          1710223392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2            1727028096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3            1737931488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0          16874554944                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1          16689955776                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         16852024550.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         16958696601.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        7790515.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        7263820.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        7007523.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        7369989.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      46681700290.560005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      46498834203.840004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      46667239107.840004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      46802006752.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      1351102330800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      1351262739648.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      1351115016048.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      1350996798816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        1517823743734.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        1517568594480.960449                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        1517792803468.800293                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        1517943454464.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          65.421031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          65.410034                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          65.419698                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          65.426191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst      1023488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    521770240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       213248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    524388096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       171008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    541742080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       254976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    496967424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total       2086583040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst      1023488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       213248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       171008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       254976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total      1710080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       522752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        522752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst         3998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2038165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2048391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2116180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1941279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total           8150715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         2042                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             2042                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       135307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68979152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        28192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     69325238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        22608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71619472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        33708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     65700166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total           275850781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       135307                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        28192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        22608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        33708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         226076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks         69109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total              69109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks         69109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       135307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68979152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        28192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     69325238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        22608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71619472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        33708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     65700166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total          275919890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                   8150715                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     2042                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                65205720                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  16336                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM           2085259328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ               1323712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                152512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys            2086583040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             522752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                41366                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts               11561                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0         8145521                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1         8257225                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2         8230940                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3         7927189                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4         8192138                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5         8170475                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6         8241101                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7         7999765                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1            1222                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             786                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3              64                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6            1302                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7              96                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                7564181696000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5            65205720                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              16336                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0               7790732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1               7812680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2               7842617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3               7857644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4               7871986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5               7887050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6               7917253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7               7944350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                350979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                328273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10               299167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11               284508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12               270508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13               255747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14               226117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15               199609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                 5131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                 4413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                 3578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                 3210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                 2873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                 2520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                 1954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                 1368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                   89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples      8166427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.364046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.824612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.449747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8416      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7489      0.09%      0.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4404      0.05%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159          322      0.00%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4452      0.05%      0.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7491      0.09%      0.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6804      0.08%      0.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8127049     99.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total      8166427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean 318366.631313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 71227.567559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 616305.084445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           44     22.22%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071          100     50.51%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607            3      1.52%     74.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            6      3.03%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            3      1.52%     78.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            1      0.51%     79.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            7      3.54%     82.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            4      2.02%     84.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            1      0.51%     85.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            1      0.51%     85.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            4      2.02%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            3      1.52%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            1      0.51%     89.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      0.51%     90.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            2      1.01%     91.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            2      1.01%     92.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            1      0.51%     92.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.50733e+06            1      0.51%     93.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.6384e+06            3      1.52%     94.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.90054e+06            2      1.01%     95.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.90054e+06-1.96608e+06            1      0.51%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.03162e+06            1      0.51%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            3      1.52%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.08019e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.51%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.67002e+06-3.73555e+06            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.93216e+06-3.9977e+06            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.070707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.995041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.717350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              7      3.54%      3.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.01%      4.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.01%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            103     52.02%     57.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::25             84     42.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat               1732739781800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat          2837275582100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat             208525932800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   26590.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              43540.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                     275.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                  275.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits               56998707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  3986                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                   927806.59                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6797808571750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT  601965453350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          2597485363.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          2551995331.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2            2588368608                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          2557359302.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          1752271872.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1          1721584152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2            1746121680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3            1725202704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         17099039692.800001                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         16801632307.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2          17038517184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         16831924761.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        7714206.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        7198295.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        7602647.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        7927787.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      46922144293.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1       46609215552                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      46880082725.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      46680345259.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      1350891415008.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      1351165913904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      1350928311120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      1351103519424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        1518134493401.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        1517721962506.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        1518053426929.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        1517770702203.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          65.434425                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          65.416644                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          65.430931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          65.418745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        27904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    518733312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    521380608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    538538240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    493667328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        31488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total       2072483584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        31488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total       147968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       820992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        820992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      2026302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      2036643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      2103665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1928388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total           8095639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         3207                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             3207                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     68577663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         3080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     68927642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         2471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     71195918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         4434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     65263886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           68                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total           273986803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3689                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          19562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        108537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             108537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        108537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     68577663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         3080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     68927642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         2471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     71195918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         4434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     65263886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           68                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total          274095340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                   8095639                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     3207                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                64765112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  25656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM           2071773536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                710048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                167168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys            2072483584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             820992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                22189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts               20432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           42                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0         7883328                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1         8036520                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2         8308171                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3         8089992                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4         7999280                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5         8163216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6         8062288                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7         8200128                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             560                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2            3432                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             824                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                7564192078000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5            64765112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              25656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0               7740673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1               7763932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2               7794257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3               7809099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4               7823457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5               7838303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6               7867151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7               7893902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                347228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                324501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10               294995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11               280531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12               266517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13               252005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14               223687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15               197547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                 5056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                 4390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                 3576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                 3197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                 2860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                 2524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                 2000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                 1389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                   35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples      8112749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.393172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.898996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.109734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7070      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7498      0.09%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4533      0.06%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159          346      0.00%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4526      0.06%      0.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7484      0.09%      0.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6772      0.08%      0.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287      8074520     99.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total      8112749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean 296068.160550                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 119750.313775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 391152.403851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767           21      9.63%      9.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32768-65535           13      5.96%     15.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::65536-98303           70     32.11%     47.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::98304-131071           28     12.84%     60.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::131072-163839            8      3.67%     64.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::163840-196607            3      1.38%     65.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::196608-229375            5      2.29%     67.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::229376-262143            2      0.92%     68.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::262144-294911            1      0.46%     69.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::294912-327679            2      0.92%     70.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::327680-360447            1      0.46%     70.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::360448-393215            3      1.38%     72.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::393216-425983            6      2.75%     74.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::425984-458751            4      1.83%     76.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::458752-491519            4      1.83%     78.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::491520-524287            5      2.29%     80.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::524288-557055           10      4.59%     85.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::557056-589823            1      0.46%     85.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::589824-622591            3      1.38%     87.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::622592-655359            1      0.46%     87.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::655360-688127            1      0.46%     88.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::688128-720895            1      0.46%     88.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::720896-753663            1      0.46%     88.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::753664-786431            2      0.92%     89.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::786432-819199            1      0.46%     90.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::819200-851967            1      0.46%     90.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::884736-917503            1      0.46%     91.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::950272-983039            1      0.46%     91.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.01581e+06            2      0.92%     92.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.14688e+06            1      0.46%     93.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.14688e+06-1.17965e+06            1      0.46%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.21242e+06-1.24518e+06            1      0.46%     94.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.27795e+06            1      0.46%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.27795e+06-1.31072e+06            3      1.38%     95.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.34349e+06-1.37626e+06            1      0.46%     96.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.40902e+06-1.44179e+06            2      0.92%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.5401e+06            2      0.92%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.7367e+06            2      0.92%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.7367e+06-1.76947e+06            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1.76947e+06-1.80224e+06            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.963303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.824141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.349337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              9      4.13%      4.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      0.92%      5.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18              7      3.21%      8.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              5      2.29%     10.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.46%     11.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24             48     22.02%     33.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::25            146     66.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat               1721750244150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat          2819142789000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat             207177353600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   26593.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              43543.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                     273.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                  273.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   2.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits               56631022                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  4376                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                   933983.94                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 6801665821900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF  164400557400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT  598108203200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          2516102870.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          2587395484.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          2553118444.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          2559171283.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0            1697370984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1            1745465208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2            1722341808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          1726425072.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         16565508710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         17030211993.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         16806754099.199999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         16848360921.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        7123230.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        9045043.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        6618931.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        6827950.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      98864422965.120010                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      46352077133.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      46878505202.879997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      46617324016.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      46678900979.520004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      1351391473920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      1350929694912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      1351158801216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      1351104786336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        1517394079814.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        1518044740809.599854                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        1517729381480.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        1517788895507.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          65.402512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          65.430557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          65.416964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          65.419529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           129661674                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          129661673                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               3004                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              3004                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             78801                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4835                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            280                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1622                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17509                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            17480                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        22410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    259427472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    259449882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count::total              259449882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        44820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave  33215936513                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total  33215981333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size::total             33215981333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  64830837000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 2139290473500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3004000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1502000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1300216500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2417999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       140000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       811000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8754500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    288420000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       667266                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     27894567                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1447                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           57                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          944                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          270                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         5200                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         3793                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    134227212                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 173300168895                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       331980                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       170160                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1387500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     41469500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.failedReq                        674859                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.failedResp                     27898687                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqForwardingFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime           134397372                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime       173343357875                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.snoops                             3522                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         129754897                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1               129754897    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           129754897                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded               11205                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         66136504500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           129751376                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       2139581206500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization             28.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          129683779                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          129653472                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         129653472                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            78801                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1589                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            33                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1622                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            17480                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           17480                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      4089333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      4079758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      4027664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      4042665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      4020173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      4050870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      4037820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      4117914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4058121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4085854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      4040147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4051151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      4050042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      4099837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      4001082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4003693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total     64856124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      4096747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      4075995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      4022953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      4047495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      4019860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      4052029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      4034645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      4114630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4055953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4088875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      4042757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4047702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      4054358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      4101106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3997765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4002977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total     64855847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      4092852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      4072222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      4027811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      4042026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      4023763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      4050049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      4031458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      4114350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4060180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4091868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      4048165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4047446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      4053750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      4097658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3999538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4002845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total     64855983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      4097716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      4075509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      4026348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      4038337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      4019731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      4051016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      4038001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      4114753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      4058743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      4087411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      4043074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      4048270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      4050947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      4095534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      4006313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      4004294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total     64855997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             259423951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    523758080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    522271488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    515647232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    517570816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    514663168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    518572032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    517061632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    527339776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    519534080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    523181056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    517380352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    518644480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    518439424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    525003008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    512331520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    512584960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total   8303983104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    524704512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    521793024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    515049728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    518188800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    514627840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    518726144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    516660992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    526923264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    519263488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    523566336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    517708544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    518208256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    518997504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    525163008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    511913728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    512485888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total   8303981056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    524201216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    521306880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    515676928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    517484800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    515124480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    518466048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    516254976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    526881280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    519809024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    523962880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    518403584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    518173184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    518914560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    524720128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    512142848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    512463616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total   8303986433                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    524819456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    521734400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    515486976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    517015808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    514604544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    518595328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    517088768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    526939392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    519630592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    523388160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    517749760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    518278656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    518554624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    524450560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    513002240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    512646912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total   8303986176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total            33215936769                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 181465956800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1281756429249                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    740708600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2224600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        46200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2268779                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     21361600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    168862900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       122260                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          434                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           52                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         7776                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     72876000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      1854750                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        20800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5399                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      5868400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        17100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.failedReq                       130088                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.failedResp                         442                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespForwardingFail                0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime           78765200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime           1877249                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy        11546293200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded            8193306                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy        11427389800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded            8152763                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy        11300994400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded            8054144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy        11345845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded            8086957                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy        11279011800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded            8043099                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy        11357317400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded            8102971                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy        11358555200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded            8074512                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy        11588066000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded            8234748                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy        11399651400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded            8118799                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy        11509526600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            8180767                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy       11383596600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded           8090809                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy       11360922800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded           8098888                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy       11353430200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded           8105107                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy       11532327400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded           8200547                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy       11252560800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded           8005432                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy       11234809200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded           8008526                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      320483177240                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          32418280                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      320480614982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          32418003                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      320482259905                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          32418139                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      320481510301                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          32418153                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    129653472                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    129653471                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        78801                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1589                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           33                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1622                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        17480                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        17480                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     64856124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     64855846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     64855983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     64855997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    259423950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave   8303983104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave   8303980800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave   8303986433                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave   8303986176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total  33215936513                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 103722777600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 518613884000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    315204000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1271200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        26400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1297600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     13984000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     69920000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      4836489                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         1736                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13691314700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        11300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      5201300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.failedResp               4838232                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime  13696527300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  26012880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     32437844                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  26013766400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     32437844                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  26013331300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     32437844                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  26013286400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     32437844                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 518685102400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    129672574                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          521025288                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         521025287                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              3004                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             3004                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            82897                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            6460                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1280                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7740                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            5                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27898                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27898                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       116304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     95712347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    166614140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        83012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     95815482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    166833671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        82110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     96867353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    168667980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        80676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91663158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    159620045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total            1042169093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14886912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  12251901272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    333227864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10625536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  12264523600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    333666900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10510080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  12399004088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    337335544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10326528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  11733569780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    319239868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       764672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       249708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       221696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       175104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        75581                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            50020379141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 261448885899                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 6523672745646                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3004000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1502000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2694155490                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3233492                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       640000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2130483                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         2500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     14870154                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    575259644                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      6733521                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      4034575                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          708                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback        12812                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          397                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           36                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          767                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         4715                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5553065985                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  43172165200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       701500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback    287426498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       537500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       369500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     13024998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        29000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      5241990                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        17500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.failedReq                      6753164                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.failedResp                     4035343                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespForwardingFail                0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         5847371973                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime       43185207698                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoops                           41673                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        521135626                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47             521135626    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          521135626                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       264164817535                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          521146832                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1894787456                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             58152                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      1557959275230                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            20.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          47848620                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy       83777085752                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded          83307174                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1359797656                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             41506                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy      1559758813811                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            20.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          47904137                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy       83886662224                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded          83416946                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy       1344317986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            41055                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy     1576610506022                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           20.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded         48429742                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy      84803412314                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded         84334094                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy       1320397366                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            40338                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy     1492289608042                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           19.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded         45825607                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            23498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy      80265165541                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded         79810078                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy           195999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         97093452                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded             2987                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy         33718977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded             1165                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         28154968                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              866                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy          9543992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded              328                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         22233491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              684                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         10708497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              412                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       756416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       756416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       756416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       756416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples       756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0           756416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total       756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0          756416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total       756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.replacements                 129671375                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8191.899885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.total_refs                    42682872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 129671375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.329162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       33.271402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.092756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst     1.367797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  2020.321622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.125043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst     0.851171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  2037.349938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.117314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.907480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  2185.411709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.185366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst     0.932953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data  1909.886204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     0.118504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data     0.009507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst     0.035621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     0.005122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.002829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst     0.115147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data     0.791865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.246621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.248700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.266774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.233140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4596                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001587                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997314                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4298443454                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4298443454                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     83301599                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        27016                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      9422552                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     83411430                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         6470                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      9461231                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     84328349                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         6278                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      9410460                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     79805031                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         5623                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      8970943                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst         1031                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          383                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          101                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          278                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               368159222                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            82897                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 82897                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          767                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          657                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1628                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          777                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               1000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     83301599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         27016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       9422603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     83411430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          6470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       9461250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     84328349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          6278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       9410482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     79805031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          5623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       8970997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          1031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::total                368159434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     83301599                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        27016                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      9422603                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     83411430                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         6470                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      9461250                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     84328349                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         6278                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      9410482                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     79805031                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         5623                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      8970997                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst         1031                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          432                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          336                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          111                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          278                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           95                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::total               368159434                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5367                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31136                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     38405368                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5295                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        35036                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     38424751                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         5537                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        34777                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data     38999802                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4936                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        34715                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data     36839928                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1956                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          530                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          406                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             152829892                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          329                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          900                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           96                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               1586                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4083                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         4216                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         4412                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               17483                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     38410082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        35036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     38428834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         5537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        34777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data     39004018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        34715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data     36844340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::total              152847375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5367                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31136                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     38410082                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5295                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        35036                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     38428834                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         5537                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        34777                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data     39004018                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4936                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        34715                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data     36844340                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1956                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          205                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          530                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           90                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          406                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          102                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::total             152847375                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    652496492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   3603410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 4887156129488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    644005490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4167714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 4889729257470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    679593991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   4126634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 4962908704496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    599374489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   4179504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 4688634083992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    251549500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     20393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     67753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     10190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     51713500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      9706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    19447493882408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       733000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       350000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       325500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1539500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    578831998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    580413951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    578563000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    580224000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3987500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       739500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2117000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2324876949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    652496492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   3603410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 4887734961486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    644005490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4167714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 4890309671421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    679593991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   4126634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 4963487267496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    599374489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   4179504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 4689214307992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    251549500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     24380500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     67753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     10929500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     51713500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     11823500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     19449818759357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    652496492                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   3603410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 4887734961486                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    644005490                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4167714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 4890309671421                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    679593991                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   4126634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 4963487267496                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    599374489                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   4179504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 4689214307992                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    251549500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     24380500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     67753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     10929500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     51713500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     11823500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    19449818759357                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     83306966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        58152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     47827920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     83416725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        41506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     47885982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     84333886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        41055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     48410262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     79809967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        40338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     45810871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         2987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           520989114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        82897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             82897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1096                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          239                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          998                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          753                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             3214                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          785                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           82                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           1033                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4765                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4102                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4466                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             17695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     83306966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        58152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     47832685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     83416725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        41506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     47890084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     84333886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        41055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     48414500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     79809967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        40338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     45815337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::total            521006809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     83306966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        58152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     47832685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     83416725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        41506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     47890084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     84333886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        41055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     48414500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     79809967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        40338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     45815337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         2987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::total           521006809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.535424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.802991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.844119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.802422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.847083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.805610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.860603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.804174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.654838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.612009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.454054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.482353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.293346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.300182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.661088                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.901804                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.127490                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.794872                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.818182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.821429                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.493466                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.010191                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.060976                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.016949                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.068966                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.031946                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.989297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.995368                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.994809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.987909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.395062                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.740741                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.988019                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.535424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.803009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.844119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.802438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.847083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.805627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.860603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.804192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.654838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.321821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.612009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.447761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.517766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.293369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.535424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.803009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.844119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.802438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.847083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.805627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.860603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.804192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.654838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.321821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.612009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.447761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.517766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.293369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121575.645985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115731.307811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127251.902117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 121625.210576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118955.188949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127254.676484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 122736.859491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       126800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118659.861403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 127254.715408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 121429.191451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       132400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120394.757310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 127270.446457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 128604.038855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 117878.612717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 127835.849057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 121309.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 124333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127373.152709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 118371.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127249.281066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2227.963526                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  3645.833333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         5250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  3638.888889                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  2847.826087                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   970.680958                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10916.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1984.848485                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 122789.986848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 142153.796473                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 137230.313093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 131510.426111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124609.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       123250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       105850                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132979.291254                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121575.645985                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115731.307811                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127251.354514                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 121625.210576                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118955.188949                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127256.259490                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 122736.859491                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       126800                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118659.861403                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 127255.793685                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 121429.191451                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       132400                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120394.757310                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 127270.954182                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 128604.038855                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 118929.268293                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 127835.849057                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 121438.888889                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127373.152709                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 115916.666667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127249.936477                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121575.645985                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115731.307811                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127251.354514                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 121625.210576                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118955.188949                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127256.259490                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 122736.859491                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       126800                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118659.861403                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 127255.793685                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 121429.191451                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       132400                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120394.757310                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 127270.954182                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 128604.038855                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 118929.268293                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 127835.849057                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 121438.888889                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127373.152709                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 115916.666667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127249.936477                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                78801                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.l2.writebacks::total                     78801                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst         9331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      5981449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        21683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      5818671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst        20036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      5354618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst        18767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      5939727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23176418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst         9331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      5981449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        21683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      5818671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst        20036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      5354618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst        18767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      5939727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total            23176418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst         9331                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      5981449                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        21683                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      5818671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst        20036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      5354618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst        18767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      5939727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total           23176418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     32423919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        13353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     32606080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        14741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     33645184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     30900201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        129653474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          329                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          900                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           94                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          1584                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4083                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4412                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          17483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     32428633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        13353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     32610163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        14741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     33649400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     30904613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         129670957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     32428633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        13353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     32610163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        14741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     33649400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     30904613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         1951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        129670957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    189305992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2531162500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3783944500489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    254415990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1547751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3804867010980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    225247991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1703271500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3924552853997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    381797989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       607000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1846250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3606910794994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    229579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     18490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     61341500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      9266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     47247500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 15129330617922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     17861999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8699000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     49940000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5134500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3463499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       991996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1253000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87343994                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       435500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       276000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       327500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       592000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        68500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       121500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1875000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    526977998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    535500951                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    532187000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    531692000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3635500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       673500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1897000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2132563949                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    189305992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2531162500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3784471478487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    254415990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1547751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3805402511931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    225247991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1703271500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3925085040997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    381797989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       607000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1846250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3607442486994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    229579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     22125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     61341500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      9939500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     47247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     10701500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 15131463181871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    189305992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2531162500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3784471478487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    254415990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1547751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3805402511931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    225247991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1703271500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3925085040997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    381797989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       607000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   1846250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3607442486994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    229579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     22125500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     61341500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      9939500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     47247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     10701500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 15131463181871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     45419500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     41746500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     46827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     35975497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    170672497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     15269000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     15154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     15239500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     14529000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       182500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        40000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       130500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     60544500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     60688500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     56900500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     62066500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     50504497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       606500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       120000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       330500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    231216997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.374966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.677929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.321713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.680911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.359055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.695001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.395359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.674517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.653164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.601617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.454054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.482353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.248860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.300182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.661088                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.901804                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.124834                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.794872                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.821429                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492844                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.010191                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.060976                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.068966                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031946                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.989297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.995368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.994809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.987909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.395062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.740741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.374966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.677960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.321713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.680938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.359055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.695027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.395359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.674547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.653164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.321821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.601617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.447761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.517766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.248885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.374966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.677960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.321713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.680938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.359055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.695027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.395359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.674547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.653164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.321821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.601617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.447761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.517766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.248885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116639.551448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 116081.747306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116702.256149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 116811.749311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115910.357223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116691.948587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 117255.591359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       115800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115546.536870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 116645.308107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 116012.758736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       121400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115766.867319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 116727.745395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 117672.475654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 106878.612717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 117738.003839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 110309.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 113333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116373.152709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 107371.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116690.514733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54291.790274                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 55056.962025                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 55488.888889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54622.340426                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 55862.887097                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 55110.888889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54478.260870                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55141.410354                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54437.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        55200                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54583.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        59200                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        68500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        60750                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56818.181818                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 111789.986848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 131153.796473                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 126230.313093                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120510.426111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113609.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       112250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        94850                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121979.291254                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116639.551448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 116081.747306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116701.542075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 116811.749311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115910.357223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116693.759302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 117255.591359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       115800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115546.536870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 116646.509031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 116012.758736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       121400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115766.867319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 116728.285418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 117672.475654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 107929.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 117738.003839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 110438.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116373.152709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 104916.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116691.227796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116639.551448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 116081.747306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116701.542075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 116811.749311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115910.357223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116693.759302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 117255.591359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       115800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115546.536870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 116646.509031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 116012.758736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       121400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115766.867319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 116728.285418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 117672.475654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 107929.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 117738.003839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 110438.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116373.152709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 104916.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116691.227796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                     674859                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     32417870                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     32417870    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      32417870                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19564                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19564    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19564                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     1097143176.241645                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    240441564.778723                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           67      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           31      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08        15830      2.09%      2.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          402      0.05%      2.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08        44615      5.90%      8.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08        30523      4.04%     12.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08        18393      2.43%     14.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09       294065     38.88%     53.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09        11529      1.52%     54.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09       259961     34.37%     89.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09        80993     10.71%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        1097142368.874205      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                8298974720                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    662120.314747                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   4998531.484663                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06       740925     97.95%     97.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     97.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     97.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07        12119      1.60%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07         2774      0.37%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07          508      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08           77      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08           13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       662119.173920      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                5008384                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        32417870                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       96670.920057                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      96231.395446                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      11377.362568                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-65535         9445      0.03%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     30760943     94.89%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       984645      3.04%     97.96% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       394498      1.22%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       175293      0.54%     99.71% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        71725      0.22%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-262143        18126      0.06%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-294911         2337      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-327679          774      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-360447           54      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::360448-393215           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          32417870                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            32417870                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           233333.440784                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          77611.366811                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               5      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               6      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               6      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000              22      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000              34      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000              27      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000              33      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000              44      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000             231      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000             286      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000             214      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000             291      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000             251      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000            478      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows          32415933     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              3000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          15936000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              32417870                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             19564                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         386439927.775506                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1723524651.402754                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             1      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             1      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             3      0.02%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             3      0.02%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            3      0.02%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19551     99.93%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           43000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9877831000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               19564                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              32437434                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             233192.710311                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            77397.827394                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 4      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 8      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                15      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                12      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                33      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                78      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                42      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                43      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                55      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000               583      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000               322      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000               249      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000               624      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000               367      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000              594      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows            32434396     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                3000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            15936000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                32437434                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.415940                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.492929                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           441809     58.41%     58.41% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1           314590     41.59%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2               17      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          756416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            42.857155                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            9.392258                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-3                    31      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-7                    55      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-11                   61      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-15               15777      2.09%      2.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-19                 315      0.04%      2.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-23                1359      0.18%      2.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-27               68486      9.05%     11.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-31                5386      0.71%     12.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-35                7474      0.99%     13.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-39              202825     26.81%     39.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-43              104519     13.82%     53.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::44-47                9206      1.22%     54.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-51              147199     19.46%     74.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::52-55              193701     25.61%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-59                  19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::60-63                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.025864                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.195255                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 740925     97.95%     97.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                  12119      1.60%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                   2774      0.37%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    508      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     77      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     32417585                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     32417585    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      32417585                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19841                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19841    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19841                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     1097133530.755563                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    240441960.197554                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           69      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           31      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08        15823      2.09%      2.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          400      0.05%      2.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08        44615      5.90%      8.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08        30526      4.04%     12.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08        18292      2.42%     14.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09       294178     38.89%     53.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09        11595      1.53%     54.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09       260022     34.38%     89.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09        80859     10.69%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        1097132689.560990      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                8298901504                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    671495.050343                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   5065899.490602                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       740756     97.93%     97.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07        12283      1.62%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2719      0.36%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          526      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          122      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       671493.893363      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                5079296                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        32417584                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       96671.440848                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      96232.377236                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      11369.089467                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-65535         9305      0.03%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     30759693     94.89%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       985226      3.04%     97.95% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       395435      1.22%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       175292      0.54%     99.71% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        71686      0.22%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-262143        17837      0.06%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-294911         2274      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-327679          749      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::327680-360447           58      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::360448-393215           18      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::425984-458751           10      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          32417584                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            32417585                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           233335.489272                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          77612.316057                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               4      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               5      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               7      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000              11      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000              22      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000              19      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000              32      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000              41      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000              43      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000             249      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000             282      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000             235      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000             289      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000             258      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000            432      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows          32415646     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              3000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          15089000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              32417585                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             19841                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         380993317.221914                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1699478264.659282                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             2      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             3      0.02%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             2      0.01%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             1      0.01%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            1      0.01%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19831     99.95%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           66000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9926658000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               19841                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              32437426                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             233192.764956                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            77394.937122                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      4      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 4      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 5      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                19      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                16      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                29      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                52      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                47      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                44      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                52      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000               599      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000               328      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000               269      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000               615      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000               399      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000              572      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows            32434366     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                3000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            15089000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                32437426                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.415796                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.492864                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           441903     58.42%     58.42% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1           314511     41.58%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                2      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          756416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            42.856780                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            9.392209                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-3                    32      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-7                    53      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-11                   53      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-15               15780      2.09%      2.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-19                 320      0.04%      2.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-23                1346      0.18%      2.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-27               68556      9.06%     11.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-31                5311      0.70%     12.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-35                7450      0.98%     13.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-39              202809     26.81%     39.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-43              104548     13.82%     53.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::44-47                9287      1.23%     54.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-51              147036     19.44%     74.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::52-55              193820     25.62%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-59                  12      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::60-63                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.026230                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.197887                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 740756     97.93%     97.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                  12283      1.62%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                   2719      0.36%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    526      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    122      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     32417742                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     32417742    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      32417742                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19706                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.987060                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.927973                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     1.816523                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19705     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19706                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     1097138844.233861                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    240438803.509816                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           64      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           36      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08        15823      2.09%      2.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          400      0.05%      2.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08        44658      5.90%      8.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08        30476      4.03%     12.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08        18220      2.41%     14.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09       294210     38.90%     53.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09        11585      1.53%     54.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09       260116     34.39%     89.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09        80821     10.68%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        1097138036.873885      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                8298941952                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    666892.292072                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   5030640.277430                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       740806     97.94%     97.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07        12271      1.62%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2711      0.36%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          525      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           82      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       666891.275225      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                5044481                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        32417742                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       96671.775850                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      96232.525424                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      11371.167175                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-65535         9442      0.03%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     30759282     94.88%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       986182      3.04%     97.96% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       394668      1.22%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       175727      0.54%     99.71% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        71245      0.22%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-262143        17998      0.06%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-294911         2289      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-327679          818      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::327680-360447           67      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::360448-393215           22      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          32417742                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            32417742                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           233334.367983                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          77598.305568                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               2      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               8      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               6      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000              13      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000              27      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000              32      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000              31      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000              40      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000              51      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000             270      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000             246      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000             241      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000             303      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000             222      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000            415      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows          32415831     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          14943000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              32417742                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             19706                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         383851265.249163                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1707982805.693169                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             2      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             2      0.01%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.01%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             3      0.02%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             4      0.02%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            3      0.02%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19690     99.92%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           62000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9842280000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               19706                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              32437448                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             233192.606058                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            77380.540412                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 5      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 9      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                21      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                17      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                33      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                61      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                44      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                44      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                61      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000               636      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000               286      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000               279      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000               610      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000               370      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000              540      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows            32434427     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            14943000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                32437448                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.415478                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.492847                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           442158     58.45%     58.45% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1           314242     41.54%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2               16      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          756416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            42.856986                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            9.392021                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-3                    32      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-7                    54      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-11                   57      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-15               15780      2.09%      2.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-19                 310      0.04%      2.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-23                1354      0.18%      2.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-27               68593      9.07%     11.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-31                5275      0.70%     12.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-35                7453      0.99%     13.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-39              202828     26.81%     39.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-43              104571     13.82%     53.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::44-47                9137      1.21%     54.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-51              147130     19.45%     74.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::52-55              193824     25.62%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-59                  14      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::60-63                   4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.026050                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.196509                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 740806     97.94%     97.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                  12271      1.62%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                   2711      0.36%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    525      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     82      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     32417755                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     32417755    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      32417755                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19691                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19691    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19691                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     1097139318.047212                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    1063515648.012786                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    240440482.706438                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           67      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           32      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08        15823      2.09%      2.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          405      0.05%      2.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08        44685      5.91%      8.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08        30469      4.03%     12.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08        18308      2.42%     14.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09       294114     38.88%     53.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09        11574      1.53%     54.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09       259987     34.37%     89.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09        80946     10.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        1097138476.842667      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                8298945280                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    666418.478721                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   5012414.185731                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06       740817     97.94%     97.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     97.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     97.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07        12211      1.61%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07         2781      0.37%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07          525      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08           69      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08           11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       666417.330488      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                5040896                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        32417755                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       96671.337549                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      96232.409596                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      11367.311922                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-65535         9334      0.03%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     30758097     94.88%     94.91% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       987462      3.05%     97.96% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       395292      1.22%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       174827      0.54%     99.71% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        71455      0.22%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-262143        18233      0.06%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-294911         2225      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-327679          758      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::327680-360447           57      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            9      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          32417755                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            32417755                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           233334.272191                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          77592.479423                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               5      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000              10      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               5      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000              10      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000              21      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000              19      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000              31      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000              32      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000              59      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000             282      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000             251      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000             224      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000             293      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000             239      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000            457      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows          32415816     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             21000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          13027000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              32417755                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             19691                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         383933989.944645                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1711363381.381541                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             1      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.01%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             3      0.02%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             2      0.01%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            4      0.02%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19677     99.93%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           46000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9869067000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               19691                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              32437446                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             233192.627712                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            77381.604024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 7      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                10      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                17      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                17      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                24      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                49      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                48      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                39      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                73      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000               619      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000               293      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000               255      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000               620      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000               358      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000              574      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows            32434441     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               21000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            13027000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                32437446                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.415537                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.492852                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           442111     58.45%     58.45% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1           314291     41.55%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2               14      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          756416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            42.857005                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean           41.543606                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            9.392012                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-3                    32      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-7                    54      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-11                   63      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-15               15775      2.09%      2.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-19                 313      0.04%      2.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-23                1336      0.18%      2.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-27               68589      9.07%     11.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-31                5284      0.70%     12.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-35                7432      0.98%     13.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-39              202798     26.81%     39.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-43              104623     13.83%     53.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::44-47                9223      1.22%     54.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-51              147126     19.45%     74.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::52-55              193743     25.61%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-59                  22      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::60-63                   3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.026032                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.195797                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 740817     97.94%     97.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                  12211      1.61%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                   2781      0.37%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    525      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     69      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    129670981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271    129670981    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      129670981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        78802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.996764                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.981986                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.908388                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        78801    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         78802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      4388554869.278280                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     4254326510.670878                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     960783415.934790                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-5.36871e+08           57      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09           37      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09        15843      2.09%      2.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09          418      0.06%      2.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09        28902      3.82%      5.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09        46111      6.10%     12.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09        19907      2.63%     14.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09       293452     38.80%     53.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09         8295      1.10%     54.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09       251662     33.27%     87.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09        91725     12.13%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           756416                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         4388551572.151747      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                33195763456                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2666926.135883                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    14146797.812814                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       719385     95.10%     95.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07        16477      2.18%     97.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         9403      1.24%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         5492      0.73%     99.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08         3042      0.40%     99.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08         1484      0.20%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08          684      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08          306      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08          100      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           28      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          756416                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        2666921.672996      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                20173057                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        129670951                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        106690.154644                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       106174.287305                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       12585.711023                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535        35568      0.03%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303         8278      0.01%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071    126082320     97.23%     97.27% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839      1863656      1.44%     98.70% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607      1130373      0.87%     99.58% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375       216634      0.17%     99.74% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143       290408      0.22%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911        35975      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679         6909      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447          683      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215          106      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          129670951                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            129670981                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            58333.583957                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           44683.471479                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000               6167655      4.76%      4.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000           3955353      3.05%      7.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          5775521      4.45%     12.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         17137953     13.22%     25.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000          4952590      3.82%     29.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000          6251662      4.82%     34.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000          7286962      5.62%     39.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          5577997      4.30%     44.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          4232460      3.26%     47.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          6768423      5.22%     52.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          6064847      4.68%     57.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          3692785      2.85%     60.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          3681941      2.84%     62.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          5188452      4.00%     66.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          3064000      2.36%     69.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          3156273      2.43%     71.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          3123687      2.41%     74.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          4604378      3.55%     77.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          2238238      1.73%     79.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000         3549985      2.74%     82.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows           23199819     17.89%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            7059500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              129670981                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              78802                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          95989607.281541                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         809816618.695823                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            218      0.28%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             22      0.03%      0.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             43      0.05%      0.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            101      0.13%      0.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             48      0.06%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             46      0.06%      0.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             67      0.09%      0.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             61      0.08%      0.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             54      0.07%      0.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             54      0.07%      0.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             71      0.09%      1.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             44      0.06%      1.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             56      0.07%      1.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             43      0.05%      1.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             63      0.08%      1.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             48      0.06%      1.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            56      0.07%      1.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            77707     98.61%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       9724838000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                78802                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              129749783                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              58298.155558                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             44660.951780                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                 6171869      4.76%      4.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000             3959597      3.05%      7.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            5780299      4.45%     12.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           17160116     13.23%     25.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            4965079      3.83%     29.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            6258123      4.82%     34.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            7290883      5.62%     39.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            5587914      4.31%     44.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            4236427      3.27%     47.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            6771512      5.22%     52.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            6071968      4.68%     57.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            3695695      2.85%     60.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            3683297      2.84%     62.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            5189336      4.00%     66.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            3080521      2.37%     69.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            3155785      2.43%     71.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            3122871      2.41%     74.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            4602991      3.55%     77.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            2237719      1.72%     79.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           3549802      2.74%     82.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows             23177979     17.86%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              7059500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                129749783                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.825920                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.978469                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             62029      8.20%      8.20% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1            223230     29.51%     37.71% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2            285625     37.76%     75.47% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3            155453     20.55%     96.02% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4             30079      3.98%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        756416                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           756416    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       756416                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            171.427964                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean           166.184548                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            37.531070                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-15                    33      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-31                   53      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-47                   70      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-63                15800      2.09%      2.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-79                  314      0.04%      2.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-95                 1840      0.24%      2.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-111               70550      9.33%     11.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-127               3101      0.41%     12.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-143               9712      1.28%     13.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-159             248085     32.80%     46.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-175              57095      7.55%     53.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::176-191              11553      1.53%     55.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-207             184935     24.45%     79.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::208-223             153267     20.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-239                  5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::240-255                  3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-271                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::272-287                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-303                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::304-319                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.104177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.552609                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                  719385     95.10%     95.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                   16477      2.18%     97.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                    9403      1.24%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                    5492      0.73%     99.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                    3042      0.40%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                    1484      0.20%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                     684      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                     306      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                     100      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                      28      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              756416                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespForwardingFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   218895174                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                  41655820                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   48065699                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1513                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    11                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               260550994                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               48067212                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        266960873                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                       41657333                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    308618206                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   353734164                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               353734164                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.hits                        353734164                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    353734164                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.numCycles                     14990622462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.committedInsts                  353711173                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.committedOps                    354314299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            311392776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     161895                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     42933380                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   311392776                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          669728442                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         220475287                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1719821555                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          129132299                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    267005437                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  218924045                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  48081392                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              206111173.909083                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              14784511288.090918                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.986251                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.013749                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.Branches                         43110045                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 87346458     24.65%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   19181      0.01%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                48      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               218924045     61.78%     86.43% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               48081392     13.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::total                 354371124                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            58152                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          353708838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            58152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          6082.487928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        707526480                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       707526480                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst    353676012                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      353676012                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst    353676012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       353676012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst    353676012                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      353676012                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        58152                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        58152                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        58152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         58152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        58152                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        58152                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   4097605456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4097605456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   4097605456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4097605456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   4097605456                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4097605456                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    353734164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    353734164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    353734164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    353734164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    353734164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    353734164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 70463.706425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70463.706425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 70463.706425                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70463.706425                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 70463.706425                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70463.706425                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        58152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        58152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        58152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   3971606544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3971606544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   3971606544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3971606544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   3971606544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3971606544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 68296.989682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68296.989682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 68296.989682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68296.989682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 68296.989682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68296.989682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              3471                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         47837333                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.800858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          219124144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         47837333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.580610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   255.800858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        581757899                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       581757899                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    171044849                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      171044849                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     48047717                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      48047717                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         8380                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         8380                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         5230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    219092566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       219092566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    219100946                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      219100946                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     47832127                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     47832127                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        11138                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11138                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1553                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1553                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1591                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1591                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          861                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          861                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     47843265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      47843265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     47844818                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     47844818                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 5145194611082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 5145194611082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    777296414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    777296414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    146996497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    146996497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     12074998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     12074998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 5145971907496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 5145971907496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 5145971907496                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 5145971907496                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    218876976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    218876976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     48058855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     48058855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         9933                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         9933                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         6116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         6091                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6091                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    266935831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    266935831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    266945764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    266945764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.218534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.156348                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.156348                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.260137                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.260137                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.141356                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.141356                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.179231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.179230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 107567.756940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107567.756940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 69787.790806                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69787.790806                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 92392.518542                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92392.518542                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 14024.387921                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14024.387921                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 107558.961695                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107558.961695                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 107555.470427                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107555.470427                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        26259                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            26259                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         1552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     47832127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     47832127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        11138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1553                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1553                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          861                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          861                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     47843265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     47843265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     47844818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     47844818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 5043347968330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 5043347968330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    754880696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    754880696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    144264501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144264501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2685998                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2685998                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10351002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10351002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 5044102849026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 5044102849026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 5044247113527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 5044247113527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     72138273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     72138273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     23936500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     23936500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     96074773                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96074773                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.218534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.156348                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156348                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.141356                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141356                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.179231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.179230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 105438.505135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105438.505135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 67775.246543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67775.246543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 92894.076626                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92894.076626                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 68871.743590                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68871.743590                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12022.069686                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12022.069686                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 105429.737060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105429.737060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 105429.330163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105429.330163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry            575120                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   218639607                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                  41710721                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   47604367                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1501                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     3                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               260350328                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               47605868                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        266243974                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                       41712222                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    307956196                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   352898253                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               352898253                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.hits                        352898253                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    352898253                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.numCycles                     15010512845                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.committedInsts                  352879635                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.committedOps                    353380752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            310438212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     141157                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     42949716                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   310438212                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          667516002                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         219941961                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1716209170                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          129101379                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    266277797                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  218662348                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  47615449                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              196652308.528664                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              14813860536.471336                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.986899                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.013101                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.Branches                         43105393                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 87127660     24.65%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   19086      0.01%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                36      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               218662348     61.87%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               47615449     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::total                 353424579                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            41506                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          352902900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            41506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          8502.455067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        705838012                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       705838012                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst    352856747                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      352856747                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst    352856747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       352856747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst    352856747                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      352856747                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        41506                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        41506                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        41506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         41506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        41506                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        41506                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4397683156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397683156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4397683156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4397683156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4397683156                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4397683156                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    352898253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    352898253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    352898253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    352898253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    352898253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    352898253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 105952.950320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105952.950320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 105952.950320                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105952.950320                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 105952.950320                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105952.950320                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        41506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        41506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        41506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4292965844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4292965844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4292965844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4292965844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   4292965844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4292965844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 103430.006361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103430.006361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 103430.006361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103430.006361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 103430.006361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103430.006361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              7436                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         47892618                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.738057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          218353393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         47892618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.559229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   255.738057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.998977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        580382254                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       580382254                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    170736471                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      170736471                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     47591299                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      47591299                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         3189                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3189                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         3681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         4373                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4373                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    218327770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       218327770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    218330959                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      218330959                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     47892578                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     47892578                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         7808                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7808                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          826                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          826                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          844                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     47900386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      47900386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     47901212                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     47901212                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 5148299289843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 5148299289843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    714026357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    714026357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     93192445                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     93192445                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2460498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2460498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        61500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        61500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 5149013316200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 5149013316200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 5149013316200                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 5149013316200                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    218629049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    218629049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     47599107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     47599107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4015                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4015                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    266228156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    266228156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    266232171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    266232171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.205729                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.205729                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.186519                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.186519                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.029301                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029301                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.179922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.179923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 107496.808584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107496.808584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 91448.047772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91448.047772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 110417.588863                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110417.588863                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18640.136364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18640.136364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 107494.192556                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107494.192556                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 107492.338945                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107492.338945                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18168                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            18168                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          822                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          822                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     47892578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     47892578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         7808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          826                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          826                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     47900386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     47900386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     47901212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     47901212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 5046493318951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 5046493318951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    698337511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    698337511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     92308054                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92308054                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       826001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       826001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2201502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2201502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        57500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        57500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 5047191656462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 5047191656462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 5047283964516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 5047283964516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     66495938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     66495938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     24083000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     24083000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     90578938                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     90578938                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.205729                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205729                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.004862                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004862                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.029079                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029079                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.179922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.179923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105371.093595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105371.093595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 89438.718110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89438.718110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 111753.092010                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111753.092010                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 37545.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37545.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16805.358779                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16805.358779                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105368.496539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105368.496539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105368.606634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105368.606634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry            579692                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   220935424                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                  42168940                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   48025063                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     1528                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                    10                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               263104364                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               48026591                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        268960487                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                       42170468                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    311130955                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                   356545733                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses               356545737                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.hits                        356545733                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                    356545737                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.numCycles                     15128345822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.committedInsts                  356527221                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.committedOps                    357031794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            313616037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     138436                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     43418970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   313616037                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          674296235                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         222240455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads          1734038509                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          130507612                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    268990526                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  220958119                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  48032407                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              14161.015771                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              15128331660.984228                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999999                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000001                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.Branches                         43572628                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 88062183     24.66%     24.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   19112      0.01%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                34      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.67% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               220958119     61.88%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               48032407     13.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::total                 357071855                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            41055                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          356491646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            41055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          8683.269906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        713132521                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       713132521                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst    356504678                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      356504678                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst    356504678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       356504678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst    356504678                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      356504678                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        41055                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        41055                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        41055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         41055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        41055                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        41055                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   4351482486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4351482486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   4351482486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4351482486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   4351482486                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4351482486                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    356545733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    356545733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    356545733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    356545733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    356545733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    356545733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 105991.535404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105991.535404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 105991.535404                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105991.535404                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 105991.535404                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105991.535404                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        41055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        41055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        41055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   4249311514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4249311514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   4249311514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4249311514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   4249311514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4249311514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 103502.898892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103502.898892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 103502.898892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103502.898892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 103502.898892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103502.898892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry              7142                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         48418220                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.994728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           39068511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         48418220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.806897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   255.994728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        586340480                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       586340480                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    172507887                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      172507887                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data     48010802                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      48010802                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3194                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3194                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         4368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data    220518689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       220518689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data    220521883                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      220521883                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data     48416770                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     48416770                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         9009                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9009                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          826                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          826                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data     48425779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      48425779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data     48426605                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     48426605                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 5222038087111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 5222038087111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    804048502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    804048502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     95270955                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     95270955                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2143000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2143000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 5222842135613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 5222842135613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 5222842135613                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 5222842135613                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    220924657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    220924657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     48019811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     48019811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4020                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4020                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4514                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4514                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data    268944468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    268944468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data    268948488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    268948488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.219155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.205473                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.205473                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.186088                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.186088                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.027605                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.027605                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 107855.978148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107855.978148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 89249.472971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89249.472971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113417.803571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113417.803571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 17282.258065                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17282.258065                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 107852.516644                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107852.516644                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 107850.677032                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107850.677032                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19064                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            19064                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          816                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     48416770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     48416770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         9009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          826                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          826                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     48425779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     48425779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     48426605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     48426605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 5119647116825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 5119647116825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    785960650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    785960650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     93192043                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93192043                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2018002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2018002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1897000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1897000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 5120433077475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 5120433077475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 5120526269518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 5120526269518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     74651294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     74651294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     24127000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     24127000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     98778294                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98778294                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.219155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000188                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.205473                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205473                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.005317                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005317                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.027605                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027605                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.180059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 105741.194979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105741.194979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 87241.719392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87241.719392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 112823.296610                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112823.296610                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 84083.416667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84083.416667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 15298.387097                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15298.387097                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 105737.753387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105737.753387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 105737.874243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105737.874243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry            573265                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   209343159                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                  39907196                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   45705361                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     1448                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                    11                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               249250355                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               45706809                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        255048520                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                       39908644                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    294957164                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                   337989101                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses               337989113                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.hits                        337989101                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                    337989113                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.numCycles                     14950557612                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.committedInsts                  337970589                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.committedOps                    338450424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            297359419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     136837                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     41098810                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   297359419                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          639483183                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         210609701                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads          1643526514                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          123537665                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    255082090                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  209365209                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  45716881                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              813786067.672388                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              14136771544.327612                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.945568                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.054432                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.Branches                         41249221                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 83393176     24.64%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   18369      0.01%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                55      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               209365209     61.85%     86.49% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               45716881     13.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::total                 338493690                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            40338                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          337898011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            40338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          8376.667435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        676018540                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       676018540                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst    337948763                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      337948763                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst    337948763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       337948763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst    337948763                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      337948763                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        40338                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        40338                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        40338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         40338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        40338                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        40338                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   4393861366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4393861366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   4393861366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4393861366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   4393861366                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4393861366                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    337989101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    337989101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    337989101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    337989101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    337989101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    337989101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 108926.108533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108926.108533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 108926.108533                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108926.108533                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 108926.108533                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108926.108533                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        40338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        40338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        40338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   4294360634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4294360634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   4294360634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4294360634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   4294360634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4294360634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 106459.433636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106459.433636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 106459.433636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106459.433636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 106459.433636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106459.433636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry              6937                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         45818112                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.864004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           37033565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         45818112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.808273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   254.864004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.995563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        555914159                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       555914159                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    163516932                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      163516932                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data     45694094                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      45694094                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         3112                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3112                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         3630                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3630                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         4323                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4323                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data    209211026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       209211026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data    209214138                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      209214138                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data     45816035                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     45816035                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         6080                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6080                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          820                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          820                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          860                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          860                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          139                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          139                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data     45822115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      45822115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data     45822935                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     45822935                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 4935436824642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 4935436824642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    670328420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    670328420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     92072454                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     92072454                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2748997                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2748997                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        64500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        64500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 4936107153062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 4936107153062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 4936107153062                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 4936107153062                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    209332967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209332967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     45700174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     45700174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3932                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         3932                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data    255033141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    255033141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data    255037073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    255037073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.218867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.208545                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.208545                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.191537                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.191537                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.031152                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.031152                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107722.914579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107722.914579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 110251.384868                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110251.384868                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107060.993023                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107060.993023                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 19776.956835                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19776.956835                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107723.250074                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107723.250074                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107721.322370                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107721.322370                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18881                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            18881                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          819                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          819                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     45816035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     45816035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         6080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          820                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          138                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     45822115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     45822115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     45822935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     45822935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 4837668008310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 4837668008310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    658098568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658098568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     89143046                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89143046                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2842500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2842500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2475003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2475003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        60500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        60500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 4838326106878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 4838326106878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 4838415249924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 4838415249924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     57479127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     57479127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     23096500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     23096500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     80575627                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     80575627                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.218867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.208545                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208545                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.009131                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009131                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.030928                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030928                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.179672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 105588.971379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105588.971379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 108239.896053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108239.896053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 108711.031707                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108711.031707                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 69329.268293                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69329.268293                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 17934.804348                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17934.804348                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 105589.323122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105589.323122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 105589.378985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105589.378985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry            539182                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                         130                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                        126                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                     130                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                    126                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              256                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          256                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         574                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     574                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.hits                              574                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          574                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.numCycles                     14959829673                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.committedInsts                        562                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.committedOps                          742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         64                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           50                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         684                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads               1148                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                2686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          268                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                        136                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                       132                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              14959827810.974955                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles               1862.025046                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.Branches                              116                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      490     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                     136     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                    132     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::total                       758                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1148                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses            1148                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            574                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            574                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          172.996875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   172.996875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.675769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.675769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.671875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              518                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             518                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            117                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          120                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           120                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          241                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            241                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total             7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        42999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        42999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        58000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        58000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       100999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       100999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       100999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       100999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8599.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8599.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        29000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 14428.428571                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14428.428571                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 14428.428571                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14428.428571                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        32001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        32001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        86001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        86001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        86001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        86001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  6400.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6400.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        27000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12285.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12285.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12285.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12285.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                       41280                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      33990                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                   41280                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  33990                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                            75270                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                        75270                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                      181957                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                  181957                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.hits                           181957                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                       181957                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.numCycles                     14959829478                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.committedInsts                     180609                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.committedOps                       209051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses               191731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      10235                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts        21381                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                      191731                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads             342804                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes            132125                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads              772173                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes              77668                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                        81110                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                      42518                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     38592                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              14958522461.925386                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              1307016.074613                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000087                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999913                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.Branches                            31761                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                   133621     62.02%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     657      0.30%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                48      0.02%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.35% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                   42518     19.74%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  38592     17.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::total                    215436                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             2987                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             168007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            56.246066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           366901                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          366901                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst       178970                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         178970                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst       178970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          178970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst       178970                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         178970                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2987                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2987                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          2987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2987                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         2987                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    274761952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    274761952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    274761952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    274761952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    274761952                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    274761952                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       181957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       181957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       181957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       181957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       181957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       181957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 91985.923000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91985.923000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 91985.923000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91985.923000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 91985.923000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91985.923000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    268756048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268756048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    268756048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    268756048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    268756048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    268756048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 89975.242049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89975.242049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 89975.242049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89975.242049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 89975.242049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89975.242049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               187                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              859                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          211.489693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              17334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.179278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   211.489693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.826132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.826132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           151521                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          151521                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        39508                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          39508                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        33380                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33380                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          381                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          381                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          396                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          396                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data        72888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           72888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data        73269                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          73269                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          884                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          884                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          193                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          193                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         1126                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         1126                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     28340979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28340979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10272498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10272498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2784000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2784000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       753500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       753500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     38613477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     38613477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     38613477                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     38613477                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        40392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        33573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        33573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          430                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          430                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data        73965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data        74395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        74395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005749                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005749                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.113953                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.113953                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.111364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.029412                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029412                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32059.930995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32059.930995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 53225.378238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53225.378238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 56816.326531                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56816.326531                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 62791.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62791.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 35852.810585                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35852.810585                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 34292.608348                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34292.608348                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          338                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              338                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          193                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          193                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     26560021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26560021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9884502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9884502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2784000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2784000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       729500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       729500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     36444523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36444523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     39228523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39228523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       286500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       286500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       971500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       971500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005749                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005749                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.113953                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113953                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.029412                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029412                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.015135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 30045.272624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30045.272624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 51215.036269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51215.036269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 56816.326531                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56816.326531                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 60791.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60791.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 33838.925720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33838.925720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 34838.830373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34838.830373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry               131                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       12164                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      10472                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   12164                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  10472                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                            22636                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                        22636                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                       54291                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                   54291                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.hits                            54291                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                        54291                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.numCycles                     14959829436                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.committedInsts                      53965                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.committedOps                        60926                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                55363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       2625                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         6488                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                       55363                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads              99504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes             37616                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              224212                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              22432                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        23998                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      12452                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     11546                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              14959450390.985895                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              379045.014105                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000025                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999975                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.Branches                             9175                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                    38229     61.25%     61.25% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     178      0.29%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.02%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   12452     19.95%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  11546     18.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::total                     62415                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              866                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs              51061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            58.961894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           109448                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          109448                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53425                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53425                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           53425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53425                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          53425                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          866                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          866                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          866                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          866                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     74791968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74791968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     74791968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74791968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     74791968                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74791968                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        54291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        54291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        54291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        54291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        54291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 86364.859122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86364.859122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 86364.859122                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86364.859122                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 86364.859122                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86364.859122                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     73040032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73040032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     73040032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73040032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     73040032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73040032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 84341.838337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84341.838337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 84341.838337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84341.838337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 84341.838337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84341.838337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                54                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              243                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          208.858129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               4669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.213992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   208.858129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.815852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.815852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            45553                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           45553                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        11676                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          11676                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        10322                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10322                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          101                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          101                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        21998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           21998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        22099                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          22099                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          266                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          266                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          319                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          319                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     12488495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12488495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2341500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2341500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       606500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       606500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        99000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        99000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     14829995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14829995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     14829995                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14829995                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        11942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        10367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10367                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          109                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data        22309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        22309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data        22418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        22418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.004341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.073394                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.073394                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.073394                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.073394                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.029126                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029126                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46949.229323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46949.229323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 52033.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52033.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 75812.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75812.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        33000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        33000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 47684.871383                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47684.871383                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46489.012539                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46489.012539                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               89                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     11953505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11953505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2251500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2251500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       608500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       608500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        93000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     14205005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14205005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     14813505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14813505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       128503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       191503                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       191503                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.004341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.073394                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073394                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.029126                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029126                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44937.988722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44937.988722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 50033.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50033.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 76062.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76062.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        31000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        31000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 45675.257235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45675.257235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46437.319749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46437.319749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                53                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        6818                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         4                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       5944                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    6822                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   5944                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            12762                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        12766                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       30447                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   30447                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.hits                            30447                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        30447                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.numCycles                     15128346387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.committedInsts                      29987                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.committedOps                        36080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                33366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       2133                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         3349                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       33366                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              59874                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             23178                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              132647                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              12702                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        13818                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       7059                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      6759                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              15128068552.264105                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              277834.735895                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000018                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999982                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.Branches                             5595                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    23316     62.57%     62.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     117      0.31%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.04%     62.92% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.92% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.92% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.92% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    7059     18.94%     81.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   6759     18.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::total                     37265                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              684                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              28838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.160819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            61578                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           61578                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        29763                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          29763                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        29763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           29763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        29763                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          29763                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          684                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          684                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          684                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          684                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     57776491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57776491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     57776491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57776491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     57776491                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57776491                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        30447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        30447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        30447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        30447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        30447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 84468.554094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84468.554094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 84468.554094                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84468.554094                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 84468.554094                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84468.554094                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     56401509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56401509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     56401509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56401509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     56401509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56401509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 82458.346491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82458.346491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 82458.346491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82458.346491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 82458.346491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82458.346491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                53                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              223                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          222.205521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              44558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           199.811659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   222.205521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.867990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            25820                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           25820                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         6285                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6285                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5721                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          5721                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           97                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           97                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        12006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           12006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        12103                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          12103                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          372                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          372                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     11757499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11757499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4283999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4283999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1067500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1067500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       360000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       360000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16041498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16041498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16041498                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16041498                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          110                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        12365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        12365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        12475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        12475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.042067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.118182                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.118182                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.153285                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153285                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.119403                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.119403                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 42599.634058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42599.634058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 51614.445783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51614.445783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 50833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        22500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        22500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 44683.838440                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44683.838440                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 43122.306452                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43122.306452                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               98                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     11204501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11204501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4117001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4117001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       740000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       740000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       312500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       312500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       328000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       328000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     15321502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15321502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16061502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16061502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       336001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       336001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       199500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       199500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       535501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       535501                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.042067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.118182                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118182                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.058394                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058394                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.119403                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119403                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 40596.018116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40596.018116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 49602.421687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49602.421687                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 56923.076923                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56923.076923                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39062.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39062.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        20500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 42678.278552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42678.278552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 43176.080645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43176.080645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                42                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 7564173033000 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp4_sim_ticks]
