timestamp4.sim_seconds                                  5.985987                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp4.sim_ticks                                5985987307000                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp4.final_tick                               19801986988500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp4.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp4.host_inst_rate                                2058710                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp4.host_op_rate                                  2190442                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp4.host_tick_rate                              721374844                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp4.host_mem_usage                                1555104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp4.host_seconds                                  8298.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp4.sim_insts                                 17083233136                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp4.sim_ops                                   18176344642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp4.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 5855887625400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF 130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::4 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::5 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::6 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::7 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::4 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::5 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::6 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::7 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::4 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::5 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::6 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::7 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::4   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::5   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::6   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::7   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 5855887625400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF 130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::4 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::5 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::6 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::7 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::4 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::5 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::6 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::7 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::4 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::5 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::6 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::7 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::4   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::5   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::6   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::7   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu2.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.data          128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                  171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks            513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total                 513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks            513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu2.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total                 684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        12                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 5985110095000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   195.047619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.439138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.162620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      4.76%     19.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      4.76%     23.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191            2      9.52%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      9.52%     42.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     57.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           21                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                      798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     34.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     79                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               82.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 374069380937.50                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   83.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  5855874109400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT       13516000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           926553.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           953769.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                 955584                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           897523.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::4           942278.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::5           763862.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::6           772934.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::7           791683.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 625056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 643416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 644640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 605472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::4           635664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::5                 515304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::6                 521424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::7                 534072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          3575270.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               3704064                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          3830860.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          3578265.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::4               3631680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::5          2943782.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::6          2964748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::7          3055603.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         1629020.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         1652659.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         1582571.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         1473500.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::4              1658880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::5         1333739.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::6         1340375.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::7         1376870.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::4       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::5       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::6       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::7       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       20896375377.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       20896651768.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       20895531321.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       20896979267.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::4       20898488773.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::5       20893838011.200001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::6        20894658264                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::7       20893592701.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       993982983408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       993982740960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       993983723808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       993982453680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::4       993981129552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::5       993985209168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::6       993984489648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::7       993985424352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         1086781282570.559937                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         1086781514521.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         1086781436670.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         1086781155593.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::4         1086781654712.639893                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::5         1086779771752.319946                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::6         1086779915279.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::7         1086779943167.039917                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           64.413742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           64.413755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           64.413751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           64.413734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::4           64.413764                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::5           64.413652                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::6           64.413661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::7           64.413662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         5632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           5632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                 11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                  470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst           43                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total              43                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks            941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total                 941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks            941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total                1411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                         11                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        22                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                     176                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   5888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                5632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           95                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3               17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9               23                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11              40                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 5985993429000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                 176                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           41                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.292683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.449771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.677429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            7     17.07%     17.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            7     17.07%     34.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           27     65.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           41                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.714286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.395767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     28.57%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     28.57%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     14.29%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     26.285714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    25.816890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     6.047432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               6     85.71%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::40               1     14.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     3188400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                4680000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    36231.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               53181.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     28.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                    154                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 181393740272.73                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  5855868754350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT       18871050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           913852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           987638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                 904176                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                 855792                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::4           898732.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::5           842486.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::6           763862.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::7           977961.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 616488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           666264.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 609960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                 577320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::4                 606288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::5                 568344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::6                 515304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::7                 659736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          3523852.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          3842342.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          3673113.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          3311692.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::4          3447475.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::5               3244800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::6          2987212.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::7          3686092.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         1615749.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         1738920.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         1479720.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         1439907.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::4         1565982.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::5         1469767.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::6              1327104                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::7         1738506.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::4       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::5       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::6       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::7       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       20895989382.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       20897150486.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       20893809009.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       20895875400.960003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::4       20898608829.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::5       20894301325.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::6       20891222997.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::7       20900813497.920002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       993983322000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       993982303488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       993985234608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       993983421984.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::4       993981024240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::5       993984802752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::6       993987503040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::7       993979090320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         1086781149210.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         1086781857024.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         1086780878472.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         1086780649982.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::4         1086781319432.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::5         1086780397360.319946                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::6         1086779487405.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::7         1086782133999.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           64.413734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           64.413776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           64.413718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           64.413704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::4           64.413744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::5           64.413689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::6           64.413635                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::7           64.413792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    540386204                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total    540386204                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         1948                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         1948                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    135096551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total    135096551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     90275200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       90275200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total           325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     90275526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      90275526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs            135096551                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 487                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts          135096551                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               487                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM      4322584128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ           505504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            13088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys        540386204                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          1948                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ           15797                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts             71                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0      8479973                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1      8382741                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2      8423881                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3      8440902                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4      8376660                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5      8464933                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6      8504585                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7      8422391                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8      8473958                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9      8449040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10      8482165                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11      8471399                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12      8375015                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13      8445732                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14      8430761                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15      8456618                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           29                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           21                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           31                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           35                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           20                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           21                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           20                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           31                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           26                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           30                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           27                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           28                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           25                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           27                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap           5985990686000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2      135096551                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           487                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0        135080754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     68655981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    62.960243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    62.560677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     5.845531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-47      2275382      3.31%      3.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-79     66357779     96.65%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-111         1057      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-143        21763      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     68655981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 5435116.920000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 5215771.156303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 1620608.240515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.88358e+06-3.14573e+06            2      8.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.40787e+06-3.67002e+06            1      4.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.93216e+06-4.1943e+06            5     20.00%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.45645e+06-4.71859e+06            1      4.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.71859e+06-4.98074e+06            2      8.00%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5.24288e+06-5.50502e+06            1      4.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5.50502e+06-5.76717e+06            3     12.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5.76717e+06-6.02931e+06            3     12.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6.29146e+06-6.5536e+06            1      4.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6.5536e+06-6.81574e+06            3     12.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7.07789e+06-7.34003e+06            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7.60218e+06-7.86432e+06            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9.96147e+06-1.02236e+07            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.360000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.339683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.860233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           21     84.00%     84.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            3     12.00%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      4.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat          1708558086150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat     3998176866450                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat        432258412800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              12648.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         29598.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                722.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              90.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  7.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              7.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits          66425142                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          49.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate          9.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap               44308.82                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             49.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6644157600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF 130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT 5849243481550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     13894289337.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     13932365126.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     13866148598.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     13994873625.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::4     13966566566.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::5      14012242272                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::6     13883339433.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::7     13957778217.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0       9373131696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1       9398817744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2       9354147864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3       9440986176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::4       9421890144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::5       9452703120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::6       9365744856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::7       9415961496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    22581236620.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    22682584204.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2     22546290624                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    22766987942.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::4    22715195942.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::5    22801241548.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::6    22570091980.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::7     22821611904                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   38888709.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   38862581.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   38943037.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   38829818.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4   38827330.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5   38895759.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6   38892026.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7   38884147.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 936604814310.720093                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 940647794889.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 931843508423.040039                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 938384499957.120117                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4 937160110846.079956                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5 940920401119.680054                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6 940764931640.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7 944778000680.640015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 190729967616.000031                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 187183493424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 194906551728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 189168839856.000031                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4 190242865392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5 186944365152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6 187080741888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7 183560505888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   1245117496175.040283                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   1245779085855.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   1244450758159.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   1245690185260.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4   1245440624106.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5   1246065016856.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6   1245598909710.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7   1246467910218.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     73.798360                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     73.837573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     73.758843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     73.832304                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::4     73.817512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::5     73.854520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::6     73.826894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::7     73.878400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu2.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                  128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks            470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total                 470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks            470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu2.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total                 599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        11                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                2816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1206                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               9                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 5985125464000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  88                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.347899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.237604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     30.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               68.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 427508961714.29                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  5855882891950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        4733450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           1048723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           941068.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2                1046304                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3                 910224                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::4           1005177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::5           806803.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::6           911433.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::7           1020297.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                 707472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 634848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                 705840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                 614040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::4                 678096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::5                 544272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::6                 614856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::7                 688296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          4032537.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          3672614.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          4219238.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          3592243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::4          3862310.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::5          3052108.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::6          3457459.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::7          3876787.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         1877852.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         1635655.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         1758412.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         1529487.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4         1728552.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5         1400509.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6         1625702.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7         1784954.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       20896867967.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       20896915245.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       20897163619.200001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       20893905097.920002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4       20901028547.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5       20896433763.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6       20897428682.879997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7       20899899947.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       993982551312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       993982509840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       993982291968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       993985150320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4       993978901680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5       993982932192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6       993982059456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7       993979891680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         1086782253748.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         1086781477156.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         1086782353267.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         1086780869297.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4         1086782372249.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5         1086780337534.079956                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6         1086781265474.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7         1086782329848                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           64.413799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           64.413753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           64.413805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           64.413717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::4           64.413806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::5           64.413686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::6           64.413741                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::7           64.413804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE 5855887625400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF 130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::4 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::5 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::6 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::7 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::4 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::5 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::6 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::7 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::4 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::5 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::6 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::7 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::4   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::5   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::6   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::7   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE 5855887625400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF 130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::4 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::5 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::6 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::7 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::4 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::5 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::6 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::7 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::4 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::5 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::6 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::7 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::4   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::5   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::6   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::7   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu2.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                  214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst           86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total              86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks            428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total                 428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks            428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu2.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total                 641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          342                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 5985106700000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.823529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.235650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    86.206319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     17.65%     17.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     17.65%     35.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     64.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.536965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     1168400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                1846400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    29210.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               46160.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     32.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 399007113333.33                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   79.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  5855879573950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        8051450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           891475.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           984009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           909014.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           932601.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::4           950745.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::5           763257.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::6                 837648                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::7           884822.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 601392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 663816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                 613224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 629136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::4                 641376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::5                 514896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::6                 565080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::7                 596904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          3358617.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          3937689.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          3537331.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          3701068.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::4          3620198.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::5          2895859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::6          3231321.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::7               3399552                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         1632337.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         1638973.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         1569300.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         1552711.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::4         1698693.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::5         1333739.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::6         1460229.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::7         1546076.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::4       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::5       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::6       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::7       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       20895185108.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       20897469339.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       20895765468.479996                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       20897277382.079998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::4       20896465118.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::5       20893178799.360004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::6       20895513099.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::7       20895239390.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       993984027504.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       993982023792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       993983518416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       993982192176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::4       993982904688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::5       993985787424.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::6       993983739792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::7       993983979888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         1086780864319.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         1086781885505.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         1086781080639.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         1086781452960.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::4         1086781448704.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::5         1086779641860.480103                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::6         1086780515055.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::7         1086780814517.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           64.413717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           64.413777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           64.413730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           64.413752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::4           64.413752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::5           64.413644                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::6           64.413696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::7           64.413714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE 5855887625400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF 130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::4 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::5 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::6 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::7 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::4 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::5 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::6 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::7 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::4 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::5 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::6 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::7 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::4   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::5   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::6   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::7   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE 5855887625400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF 130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::4 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::5 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::6 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::7 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::4 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::5 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::6 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::7 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::4 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::5 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::6 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::7 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::4   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::5   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::6   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::7   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                 11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data          214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                  470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks            684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total                 684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks            684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data          214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total                1155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                         11                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        16                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   4096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           29                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 5983519708000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                 128                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean          216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.163588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    81.280081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     15.62%     15.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     15.62%     31.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           22     68.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.800000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.266551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     25.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    25.421372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.577709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               4     80.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::32               1     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     2679600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                4171200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    30450.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               47400.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     31.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                    107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 221611841037.04                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   85.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  5855876514150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT       11111250                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           852163.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1060819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           860025.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           902361.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::4           856396.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::5           826761.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::6           860630.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::7           962841.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 574872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                 715632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                 580176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 608736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::4                 577728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::5                 557736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::6                 580584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::7                 649536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          3302707.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          4093939.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          3440486.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               3581760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::4               3334656                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::5          3167923.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::6          3276748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::7          3632678.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         1529902.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         1864581.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         1443225.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         1509580.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::4         1526169.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::5         1456496.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::6         1499627.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::7         1645608.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::4       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::5       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::6       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::7       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       20893761129.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       20900152535.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       20893716915.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       20894704174.079998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::4       20893832265.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::5       20895329076.479996                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::6       20895876714.240002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::7       20902097666.879997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       993985276608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       993979670112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       993985315392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       993984449376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::4       993985214208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::5       993983901216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::6       993983420832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::7       993977963856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         1086780465266.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         1086782725503.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         1086780524106.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         1086780923873.279907                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::4         1086780509308.799927                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::5         1086780407094.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::6         1086780683021.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::7         1086782120072.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           64.413693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           64.413827                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           64.413697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           64.413720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::4           64.413696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::5           64.413690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::6           64.413706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::7           64.413791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.data          128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.data          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                  342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total              43                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks            470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total                 470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks            470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.data          128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total                 813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        11                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                2816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          130                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               9                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 5985118940000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  88                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.694406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           16     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24               2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     1596800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                2681600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     28.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               90.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 315006260000.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   89.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  5855880411800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        7213600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           913852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           954374.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           898732.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           961027.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::4           979171.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::5           820713.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::6                 828576                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::7           844300.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 616488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1           643824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 606288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 648312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::4                 660552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::5                 553656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::6                 558960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::7                 569568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          3543321.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               3736512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               3451968                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          3928204.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::4               3744000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::5          3155942.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::6               3207360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::7          3135974.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0              1658880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         1678786.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         1562664.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         1542758.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::4         1708646.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::5         1440322.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::6         1433272.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::7         1489674.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::4       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::5       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::6       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::7       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       20894916597.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       20894485731.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       20898603630.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       20896706816.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::4       20899632202.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::5       20894931699.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::6       20894907185.279995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::7       20897071306.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       993984263040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       993984640992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       993981028800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       993982692672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::4       993980126544.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::5       993984249792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::6       993984271296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::7       993982372944.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         1086781080064.319946                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         1086781308105.599976                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         1086781319969.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         1086781647675.839966                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::4         1086782019000.960205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::5         1086780320011.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::6         1086780374534.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::7         1086780651652.800171                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           64.413730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           64.413743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           64.413744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           64.413763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::4           64.413785                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::5           64.413685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::6           64.413688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::7           64.413704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                 14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data          257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data          257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                  599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks            727                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total                 727                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks            727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data          257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total                1326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                         14                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        17                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                      112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  3584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   3584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                4352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1222                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 5985984007000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                  112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           37                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.405405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.780375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.661184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     10.81%     10.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      2.70%     13.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      2.70%     16.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     10.81%     27.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           27     72.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           37                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.066544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     16.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40               2     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     3861900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                5760300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    358400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    34481.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               51431.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     31.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      97                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                    122                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               89.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 193096258290.32                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   88.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  5855873151350                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT       14474050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                 883008                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                1000944                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           869702.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           969494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::4           856396.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::5                 886032                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::6           789868.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::7                 937440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                 595680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                 675240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 586704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3           654024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::4                 577728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::5                 597720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::6                 532848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::7                 632400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               3327168                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          3794918.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          3438988.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               3861312                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::4          3268262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::5               3339648                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::6          3096537.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::7          3637670.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         1629020.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         1761730.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         1483038.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         1615749.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::4         1519534.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::5         1569300.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::6         1363599.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::7         1599575.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::4       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::5       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::6       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::7       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       20895086831.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1        20898680184                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       20895374494.079998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       20897823597.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::4       20894512161.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::5       20897543704.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::6       20893724303.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::7       20898330140.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       993984113712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       993980961648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       993983861376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       993981713040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::4       993984617808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::5       993981958560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::6       993985308912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::7       993981268704.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         1086780803304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         1086782042549.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         1086780782188.799927                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         1086781805101.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::4         1086780519775.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::5         1086781062849.599976                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::6         1086779983953.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::7         1086781573814.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           64.413713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           64.413787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           64.413712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           64.413773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::4           64.413697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::5           64.413729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::6           64.413665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::7           64.413759                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 5855887625400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF 130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::4 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::5 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::6 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::7 71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::4 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::5 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::6 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::7 20871985305.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::4 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::5 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::6 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::7 994004378208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::4   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::5   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::6   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::7   1086771531398.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3816528608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data   1090631712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    139002252                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    139085896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    139006490                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    139065206                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total   5463320164                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3816528608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total   3816528608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    545103466                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         8400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         8400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         8400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         8400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total    545137067                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    954132152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    272665607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data     69501126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data     69542948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data     69503245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data     69532603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total   1504877681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    136285890                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         3150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         3150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         3150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         3150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total    136298491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    637577130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    182197465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23221274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23235247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     23221982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     23231791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total    912684890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    637577130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    637577130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     91063251                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data         1403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data         1403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data         1403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data         1403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total     91068865                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    637577130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    273260716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23222677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23236651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     23223385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     23233194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1003753754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total              3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         5632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           5632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                 15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks           22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                22                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.data           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu2.data          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu3.data          257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                  641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total             128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks            941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total                 941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks            941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.data           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu2.data          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total                1582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                         15                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        22                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                      120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                     176                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                  3840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   5376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                   3840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                5632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          698                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11              17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 5985987557000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                  120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                 176                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           42                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.613280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.246996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     14.29%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     14.29%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           30     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           42                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.285714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.954144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.609518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     14.29%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16               4     57.14%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                     2994000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                5028000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                    384000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                     105                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                    141                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               80.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 161783447486.49                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   83.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  5855873082500                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   130100079600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT       14542900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                 910224                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           969494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           971913.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           871516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::4           871516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::5           792892.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::6                 740880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::7           961027.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 614040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1           654024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                 655656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 587928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::4                 587928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::5                 534888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::6                 499800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::7                 648312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          3470438.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          3827865.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          3884774.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          3507379.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::4          3288729.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::5          3031142.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::6               2875392                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::7          3695078.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         1629020.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         1685422.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         1605795.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         1449861.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::4         1569300.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::5         1377285.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::6         1283973.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::7         1635655.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::4       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::5       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::6       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::7       71895167884.800003                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       20897873392.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       20896241477.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       20896091873.279995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       20893879598.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::4        20895511896                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::5       20894861329.920002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::6       20890817904.960003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::7        20899875816                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       993981669360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       993983100864.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       993983232096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       993985172688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::4       993983740848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::5       993984311520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::6       993987858384.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::7       993979912848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         1086781334359.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         1086781647032.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         1086781609993.920044                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         1086780636856.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::4         1086780738103.680054                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::5         1086780076943.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::6         1086779244218.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::7         1086781896622.079956                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           64.413745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           64.413763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           64.413761                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           64.413703                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::4           64.413709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::5           64.413670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::6           64.413621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::7           64.413778                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp4.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           278085122                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          278085122                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              15012                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             15012                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               121                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             7421                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            935                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3741                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               394                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               30                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        15140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    556197770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    556212910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_count::total              556212910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        30280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    556242597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    556272877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.pkt_size::total               556272877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 139042561000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 278085757500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     15012000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7506000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1996500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3712995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       467500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1870500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       213966                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       495000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     14482731                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     21868907                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          791                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          973                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           18                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       125999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       328477                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        11500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        10497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        12500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.failedReq                      14483562                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.failedResp                     21869901                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                 278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqFail                     14483150                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                125999                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespFail                    21869663                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               237000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime              136496                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             352477                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.membus.snoops                             4979                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              8912                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    8912    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                8912                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4990500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                7570                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy        139056464500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           278096456                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       278095629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          278103905                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          278079963                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         278079963                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq             12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp            12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              121                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3073                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           668                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3741                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               30                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              30                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           69                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    139046274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total    139048199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           59                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    139046276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total    139048197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           81                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           49                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    139046270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total    139048190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           55                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    139046226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total    139048205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             556192791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    139048402                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total    139060178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    139048376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total    139060408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    139048344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total    139061656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    139048323                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total    139060355                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total              556242597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 303663268099                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 687122317600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     25964500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     18185500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1137400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4300200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       934800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      5237259                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        41600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       295500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     22247038                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          786                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3340149800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        86700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         5000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.failedReq                     22247831                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                    22247824                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime           3340236500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess               278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime         3340242300                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy            1794800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded               1220                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             579800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                357                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             296200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                149                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             145000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 35                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            1890200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               1253                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 56                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             354400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                128                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            1205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                735                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy       303689175199                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded          278092523                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      171788890269                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          69524085                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      171779139771                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          69524083                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      171793944173                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          69524076                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      171784061646                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          69524091                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp4.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp4.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    278079963                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    278079963                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq        12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp        12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          121                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3073                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          668                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3741                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           30                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           30                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    139048199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    139048197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    139048190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    139048205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    556192791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    139060178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    139060408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    139061656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    139060355                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    556242597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 222463970400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 250272093800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11340900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     10080800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       484000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2458400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       534400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2992800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        24000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       120000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           31                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        35699                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp          700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.failedResp                    40                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess          278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess         278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                   30                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime         35099                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime        42299                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  55619706900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     69524114                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  55619707600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     69524114                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  55619725100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     69524114                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  55619672500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     69524114                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 250285287400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    278096335                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          278256290                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         278256265                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate           25                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             15012                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            15012                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             4635                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            7550                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1019                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           8569                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4187                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4187                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    139034275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    139107265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    139027356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    139089825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             556547632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11430912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    140813496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8250112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    139619608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7970560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    139475658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8112896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    140259530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       549120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       129868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       221952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        48152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       115968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              597043989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 139128278717                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 283104195154                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     15012000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7506000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    150638496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3795455                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       547424                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1986476                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2248171                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     13523493                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     13501158                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         2969                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          849                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           56                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          143                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           62                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           61                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   6879704992                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     52808277                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      4791000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       615000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2169500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1380996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        28000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       471489                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        66000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.failedReq                     13502354                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.failedResp                        2975                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                    13493694                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime           6766206499                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess               278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         6889132977                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          52902277                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoops                           25119                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           188600                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                188600    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             188600                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       139300531263                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          278288693                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1451439980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             44652                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       69771095791                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          69518409                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        1047567546                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             32227                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       69786262820                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          69557021                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy              4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy       1012051102                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            31135                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      69734444308                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded         69516760                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               17                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy       1030099165                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            31691                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      69809618831                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded         69547174                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            52000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               52                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy           227500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         69734455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded             2145                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy         22782495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded              811                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         28185983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              867                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy          9376999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded              317                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         14725993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              453                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          7282497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              284                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access             954132152                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access             544048535                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access         135097038                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles             11971974614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts          682777602                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps            682813768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses    614131449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls              21458                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     68665600                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts           614131449                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads   1362088262                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes    409176097                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads   3271727778                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes    209505404                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs            544048535                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts          407762158                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts         136286377                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles       11971974614                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                 68703777                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu        138765233     20.32%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead       407762158     59.72%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite      136286377     19.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total         682813768                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    135096551                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4    135096551    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total    135096551                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          487                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          487    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          487                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 90275309.306079                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean 90185705.728490                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 2752320.169906                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            2      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          219      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          193      0.03%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          216      0.04%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          178      0.03%      0.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07          202      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          185      0.03%      0.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07          186      0.03%      0.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07          190      0.03%      0.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07          209      0.03%      0.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07       596772     99.69%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08           46      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 90275200.444891      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes         540386204                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean   325.427081                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 17026.613694                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-65535       598373     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::65536-131071            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::131072-196607            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::196608-262143            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-327679            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::327680-393215            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::393216-458751            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::458752-524287            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-589823            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::589824-655359            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::655360-720895            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::720896-786431            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-851967          188      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06           37      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth   325.426684      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           1948                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples    135096551                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 37187.729441                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 34574.497690                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 15803.281178                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191        15797      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575     66425133     49.17%     49.18% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            1      0.00%     49.18% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959     21641158     16.02%     65.20% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            2      0.00%     65.20% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343     45478884     33.66%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535           27      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727           17      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            8      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111           10      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           46      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495           18      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687           14      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879          173      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071      1106265      0.82%     99.68% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263       428998      0.32%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total    135096551                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          487                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          487    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          487                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples    135096551                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   44308.982292                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  30072.551377                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000        13410      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         2186      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000     66398385     49.15%     49.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            1      0.00%     49.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        22611      0.02%     49.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000           28      0.00%     49.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000     21501982     15.92%     65.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       138079      0.10%     65.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           72      0.00%     65.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000     45478785     33.66%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          125      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000         1103      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          138      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          115      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            4      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            7      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000          664      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows      1538856      1.14%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value         7500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value      8630500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total     135096551                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          487                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 12297268520.533880                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 21267096276.646275                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000           74     15.20%     15.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%     15.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          186     38.19%     53.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            2      0.41%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     53.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          225     46.20%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value         7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 114365745000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          487                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples     135097038                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     44308.822566                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    30071.823949                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000        13484      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          175      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000         2385      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000     66398605     49.15%     49.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            1      0.00%     49.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        22611      0.02%     49.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000           28      0.00%     49.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000     21501982     15.92%     65.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       138079      0.10%     65.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           72      0.00%     65.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000     45478599     33.66%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          125      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000         1106      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          138      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          144      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            4      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            7      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000          664      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows      1538827      1.14%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value      8630500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total       135097038                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.839630                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.366949                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        95997     16.04%     16.04% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1       502601     83.96%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   225.688273                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean   225.464292                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev     6.882763                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15            2      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          272      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          149      0.02%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          170      0.03%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          133      0.02%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          140      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          154      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          144      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          142      0.02%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          141      0.02%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          164      0.03%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          147      0.02%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223        13120      2.19%      2.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239       583720     97.51%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.000814                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.042567                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0         598373     99.96%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2            188      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             37      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq   1639974232                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp   1639974232                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq    136298978                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp    136298978                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    270194076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    817902994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total   1088097070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   1908264304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   1908264304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    556185046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    556185046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total    3552546420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    540388152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   1635735178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total   2176123330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   3816528608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   3816528608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    556193445                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    556193445                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total     6548845383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 819987116000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1799035125600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq 136298978000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp  82218808000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq    653217628                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp    697504094                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq     69055718                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp     65950610                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  93919193500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 337479415600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    746020000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp  13190131500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq            722273346                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp           763454704                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess        278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail            21028346                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime  11876508000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess       278092523                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail           20597271                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime   4377471200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime  94665213500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime 350669547100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy  67548762500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded    135097038                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy 888737331500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         14.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded   1641176172                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy 544440277700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization          9.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded    544048535                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 1009592557200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         16.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    954132152                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy 327221098700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded    278092523                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0          598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0         598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0          598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0         598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0          598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0         598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0          598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0         598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0          598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0         598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0          598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0         598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       598598    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0          598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0         598598    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total       598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp4.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.replacements                       158                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8026.801138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     95.094937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5405.885796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   171.003094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data           90                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   166.977108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    95.002682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   160.001032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    62.989791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst     9.993958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    15.986109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           48                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data           37                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data           38                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   534.002820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  1170.958747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.659898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.020874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.010986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.020383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.011597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.019531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.007689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.004517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.004639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.065186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.142939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979004                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1309279                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1309279                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4783                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        32221                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1432                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1187                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst        31690                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         3315                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          274                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          116                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  154435                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             4635                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  4635                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  147                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           95                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   368                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         44652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          4820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         32221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          1496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst         31135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          1287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst         31690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          3410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          2145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_hits::total                   154803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         4820                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        32221                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         1496                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         1287                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst        31690                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         3410                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          319                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          129                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          106                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_hits::total                  154803                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    41                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2031                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          441                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          411                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               3055                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          594                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              668                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_misses::total                     89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data           26                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           42                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_misses::total                    89                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1823500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2236500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         5201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     38901000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       326500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1305000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       196000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     40859000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       196000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       522000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       848500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       575500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       818500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1493500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2276000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       5228500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       575500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4512500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         10429500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       575500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4512500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        10429500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        32227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        31691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           92                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              154476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         4635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              4635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2079                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          166                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          475                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          428                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             3202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          619                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            752                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          112                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               416                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        32227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        31691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_accesses::total               154892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        32227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        31691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_accesses::total              154892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.011657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.026316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.005401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.976912                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.819277                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.928421                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.960280                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.657143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.733333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.954091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.959612                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.473684                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.681818                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.609756                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.888298                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.097561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.098592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.107143                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.201681                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.115385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.005319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.026316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.012167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.000575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.005319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.026316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.012167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.000575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       128000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       130250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126853.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19153.618907                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2400.735294                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   148.526077                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  3175.182482                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8521.739130                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  5909.090909                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13374.468085                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   219.696970                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10888.888889                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        20880                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1270.209581                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       143875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116928.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 124458.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 94833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108927.083333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       143875                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       128000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       117875                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 127576.923077                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107440.476190                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117185.393258                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       143875                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       128000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       117875                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 127576.923077                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 107440.476190                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117185.393258                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  121                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.l2.writebacks::total                       121                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2031                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          136                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          441                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          411                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          3055                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          594                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       702000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1669500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    110309968                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7385996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     23921996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     22336000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1247500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       108500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       595500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165905460                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     32383425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       976500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1630500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1357000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36401925                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       531500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       741500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1361500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2012000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4700500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       531500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       702000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9450500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       531500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       702000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9450500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 2087912375483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 2089342579971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 2088117669480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 2089046437989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        81000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       120500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 8354419525423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    106958000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    106943000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    106870500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    106888500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       120000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        40000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    427910500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 2088019333483                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 2089449522971                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 2088224539980                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 2089153326489                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       381000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       121000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       211000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 8354847435923                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.011657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.005401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.976912                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.928421                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.960280                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.657143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.733333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.959612                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.473684                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.681818                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.609756                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888298                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.097561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.098592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.107143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.201681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.005319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.012167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.000575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.005319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.012167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       117000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       119250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115853.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54313.130478                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54308.794118                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54244.888889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54345.498783                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54239.130435                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54136.363636                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54306.206219                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54517.550505                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54350                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54280                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54493.899701                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       132875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105928.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113458.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 83833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97927.083333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       132875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       117000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       106875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 116576.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 96440.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106185.393258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       132875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       117000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       106875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 116576.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 96440.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106185.393258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                   14483562                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     69519925                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000062                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.125604                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       69519908    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           17      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      69519925                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3258                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.914058                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.618769                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    23.817144                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3229     99.11%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.11% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           29      0.89%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3258                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     23228259.700166                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    556013.266015                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          274      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          669      0.11%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07       597644     99.84%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        23228276.451138      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                 139044168                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2673.914714                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   327329.201605                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       598584    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth        2674.579677      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  16010                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        69519925                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11448.727623                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11447.329545                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        187.887771                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383        69519908    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           16      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          69519925                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples           3229                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11514.245897                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11512.128482                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       224.467350                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3139     97.21%     97.21% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           90      2.79%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total             3229                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            69519925                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           86104.375616                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          18376.172652                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000           17579      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000        69467875     99.93%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000            3949      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000           2151      0.00%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             28366      0.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             41000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          10588000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              69519925                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              3258                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         1837321478.514426                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2984960048.097252                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           896     27.50%     27.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           102      3.13%     30.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          648     19.89%     50.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1612     49.48%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           89000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value     24620594000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                3258                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              69523183                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             86100.579687                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            18448.528259                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000             18667      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000          69469565     99.92%     99.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000              4470      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000             3027      0.00%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               27446      0.04%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               41000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            16623000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                69523183                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.139118                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.346070                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           515322     86.09%     86.09% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1            83276     13.91%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000003                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.001828                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          598596    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               2      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           116.137904                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.712425                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     3      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                  10      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                  99      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                 104      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                 165      0.03%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                  85      0.01%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                 255      0.04%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                  93      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                  95      0.02%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                 165      0.03%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                 111      0.02%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103                 88      0.01%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111               123      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119            597201     99.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.005439                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.114080                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 596993     99.73%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                    568      0.09%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    428      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    607      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     69519982                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000058                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.121854                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       69519966    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      69519982                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3203                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      5.113956                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.630919                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    24.823785                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3172     99.03%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           31      0.97%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3203                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     23228278.744667                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    570414.536552                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          277      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          667      0.11%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07       597646     99.84%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        23228253.063183      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                 139044028                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2692.625101                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   332579.827342                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       598579    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth        2736.390700      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  16380                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        69519982                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11447.350422                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11446.023022                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        181.662944                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     69519965    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           15      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          69519982                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples           3172                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11515.226986                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11513.205497                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       219.180073                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3103     97.82%     97.82% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           69      2.18%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total             3172                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            69519982                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           86104.390217                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          18422.310534                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000           21712      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000        69463785     99.92%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000            3973      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000           2133      0.00%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             28378      0.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             64000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          16313000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              69519982                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              3203                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         1868868653.449891                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3140790120.488650                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             3      0.09%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           879     27.44%     27.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           107      3.34%     30.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          652     20.36%     51.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1562     48.77%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           48000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value     24888700000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                3203                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              69523185                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             86100.576333                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            18426.077308                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000             22771      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000          69465410     99.92%     99.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000              4473      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000             3020      0.00%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               27501      0.04%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               48000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            16589000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                69523185                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.139242                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.346199                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           515248     86.08%     86.08% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1            83350     13.92%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000007                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.002585                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          598594    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               4      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           116.137999                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            2.712088                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     3      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                  10      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                  99      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                 104      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                 169      0.03%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                  79      0.01%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                 261      0.04%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                  86      0.01%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                  96      0.02%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                 170      0.03%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                 108      0.02%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                 88      0.01%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111               123      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119            597201     99.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.005346                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.113688                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 597034     99.74%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                    550      0.09%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    401      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    608      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     69520026                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000051                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.113984                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       69520012    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           14      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      69520026                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3161                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      5.709586                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.661448                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    27.629198                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3123     98.80%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     98.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           38      1.20%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3161                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     23228208.914831                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    602176.358573                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          949      0.16%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07       597645     99.84%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        23228182.899319      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                 139043608                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3013.708699                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   345748.368527                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       598573    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth        3015.041475      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  18048                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        69520026                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11447.270909                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11445.939728                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        181.998797                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383        69520012    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          69520026                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples           3123                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11517.579251                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11515.429001                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       226.202318                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3038     97.28%     97.28% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           85      2.72%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total             3123                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            69520026                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           86104.241000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          18371.214465                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               3      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000           14406      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000        69471214     99.93%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000            3930      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000           2121      0.00%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             28350      0.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             42000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          10143000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              69520026                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              3161                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         1893696998.734578                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3110070652.218698                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             2      0.06%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           883     27.93%     28.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            76      2.40%     30.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          657     20.78%     51.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1543     48.81%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           48000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value     22673252000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                3161                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              69523187                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             86100.339431                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            18317.808704                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 5      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 3      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000             15441      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000          69472851     99.93%     99.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000              4389      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000             2987      0.00%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               27503      0.04%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               38000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value             9747000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                69523187                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.139696                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.346672                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           514976     86.03%     86.03% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1            83622     13.97%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000007                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.002585                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          598594    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               4      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           116.138073                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.711671                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                     3      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                  10      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                  99      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                 105      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                 168      0.03%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                  82      0.01%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                 252      0.04%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                  94      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                  93      0.02%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                 173      0.03%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                 109      0.02%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103                 86      0.01%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111               115      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119            597208     99.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.005276                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.113028                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 597059     99.74%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                    535      0.09%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    398      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    601      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     69520060                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000088                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000003                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.149240                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       69520036    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           24      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      69520060                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3100                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.560968                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.620787                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    21.762702                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3077     99.26%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           23      0.74%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3100                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     23228644.265434                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    634019.706212                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          944      0.16%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07       597647     99.84%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        23228618.583504      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                 139046216                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2360.849852                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   313660.471539                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       598586    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth        2362.016368      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  14139                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        69520060                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11447.320304                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11445.983788                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        185.338453                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     69520036    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           20      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          69520060                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples           3077                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11519.044524                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11516.846026                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       228.741106                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2989     97.14%     97.14% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           88      2.86%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total             3077                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            69520060                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           86104.224421                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          18404.458582                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000           17298      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000        69468393     99.93%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000            3928      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000           2150      0.00%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             28288      0.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              3000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          11746000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              69520060                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              3100                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         1930963647.419355                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3164982889.644142                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           839     27.06%     27.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            70      2.26%     29.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          648     20.90%     50.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1542     49.74%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           58000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value     26216527000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                3100                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              69523160                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             86100.621822                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            18527.525361                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000             18289      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000          69470043     99.92%     99.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000              4383      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000             2998      0.00%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               27439      0.04%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                3000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            23170000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                69523160                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.139837                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.346818                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           514892     86.02%     86.02% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1            83706     13.98%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000010                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.003166                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          598592    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               6      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           116.138129                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.712565                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                  10      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                 100      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                 100      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                 171      0.03%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                  81      0.01%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                 258      0.04%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                  91      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                  91      0.02%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                 170      0.03%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                 110      0.02%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                 91      0.02%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111               112      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119            597209     99.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.005174                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.110997                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 597054     99.74%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                    568      0.09%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    406      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    567      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    278080357                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        2.000397                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.000015                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       0.317682                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       278079922    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          435      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      278080357                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12722                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       5.076010                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.632869                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     24.607386                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          12601     99.05%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          121      0.95%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         12722                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      92913391.625097                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     2305741.960113                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          945      0.16%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08       597648     99.84%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           598598                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         92913330.997145      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                  556178020                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     10741.098367                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    1212841.849737                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07       598588    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          598598                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        10788.028221      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp4.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   64577                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        278079993                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20042.882488                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20042.023492                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         192.663388                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767    278079910    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           64      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          278079993                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples           12601                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20130.862630                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20129.193216                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        261.665533                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479         9723     77.16%     77.16% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         2878     22.84%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total             12601                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            278080357                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            21526.041595                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           24773.607011                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000              91439260     32.88%     32.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000          45278625     16.28%     49.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000         27356860      9.84%     59.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         20634926      7.42%     66.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000         14839469      5.34%     71.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000          7541295      2.71%     74.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000          4810398      1.73%     76.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          3055962      1.10%     77.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          3923956      1.41%     78.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          4897328      1.76%     80.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000         11290414      4.06%     84.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000         11602694      4.17%     88.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000         11491032      4.13%     92.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          8433352      3.03%     95.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          6211605      2.23%     98.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          4025079      1.45%     99.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          1235852      0.44%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            11165      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               72      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              76      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                937      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            9986500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              278080357                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              12722                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          470522504.912750                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         943249354.959820                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              5      0.04%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              1      0.01%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              2      0.02%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              1      0.01%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              2      0.02%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              8      0.06%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              1      0.01%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             11      0.09%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              1      0.01%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              5      0.04%      0.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      0.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           3951     31.06%     31.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            476      3.74%     35.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          3972     31.22%     66.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             4285     33.68%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            11500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       6273396500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                12722                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              278093079                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              21525.121477                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             24781.424688                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                91443679     32.88%     32.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            45281257     16.28%     49.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000           27358953      9.84%     59.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           20636537      7.42%     66.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000           14840503      5.34%     71.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            7542298      2.71%     74.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            4811205      1.73%     76.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            3056956      1.10%     77.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            3924841      1.41%     78.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            4898309      1.76%     80.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000           11290758      4.06%     84.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           11602738      4.17%     88.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           11490491      4.13%     92.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            8432597      3.03%     95.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            6210665      2.23%     98.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            4024040      1.45%     99.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            1235038      0.44%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000              11148      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 66      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                67      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  933      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             12499500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                278093079                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.929666                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.067830                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0            279081     46.62%     46.62% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1            154921     25.88%     72.50% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2            104559     17.47%     89.97% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3             47691      7.97%     97.94% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4             12346      2.06%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        598598                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.000048                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.006960                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           598569    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1               29      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       598598                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            464.552713                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            10.744447                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     3      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                   10      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                 100      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                115      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                157      0.03%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                 84      0.01%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                259      0.04%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                 86      0.01%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                 96      0.02%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                189      0.03%      0.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                 90      0.02%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                 88      0.01%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                124      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479             597196     99.77%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.021235                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.254486                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                594397     99.30%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  4169      0.70%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                    19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                     9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                   2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              598598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp4.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp4.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   556591559                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                  278457528                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               556591559                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses              278457528                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        835049087                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    835049087                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                  2153202594                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses              2153202594                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.hits                       2153202594                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                   2153202594                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.numCycles                     11967064649                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1948202943                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.committedOps                   2087668707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           2017975075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  139132993                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     69704125                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  2017975075                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         3131985492                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1600372810                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          7932931488                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          765399883                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    835083411                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  556614462                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 278468949                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              4910721.195002                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              11962153927.804998                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999590                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000410                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.Branches                        208846009                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1252614073     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   15240      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                28      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               556614462     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              278468949     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.op_class::total                2087712752                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            44652                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         2153213309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            44652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         48222.102235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       4306449840                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      4306449840                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst   2153157942                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     2153157942                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst   2153157942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      2153157942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst   2153157942                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     2153157942                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        44652                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         44652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        44652                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    622005480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    622005480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    622005480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    622005480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    622005480                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    622005480                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   2153202594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2153202594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   2153202594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   2153202594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   2153202594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   2153202594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13930.069874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13930.069874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13930.069874                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13930.069874                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13930.069874                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13930.069874                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        44652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    532201520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    532201520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    532201520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    532201520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    532201520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    532201520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11918.873063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11918.873063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11918.873063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11918.873063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11918.873063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11918.873063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              2026                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5361                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          225.665710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           88465873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         16501.748368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   225.665710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.881507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.881507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1531094008                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1531094008                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    487069963                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      487069963                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    278444778                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     278444778                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         7830                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         7830                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4370                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4370                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    765514741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       765514741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    765522571                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      765522571                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         6886                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6886                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4594                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4594                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           58                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         11480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        11538                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        11538                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     78095460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78095460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    178407448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    178407448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       391499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       391499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     43333998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     43333998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    256502908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    256502908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    256502908                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    256502908                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    487076849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    487076849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    278449372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    278449372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         7888                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         7888                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4419                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4419                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4404                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4404                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    765526221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    765526221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    765534109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    765534109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007353                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.007353                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.011088                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011088                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.160082                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.160082                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11341.193726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11341.193726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38834.882020                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38834.882020                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7989.775510                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7989.775510                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 61466.663830                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61466.663830                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22343.458885                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22343.458885                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22231.141272                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22231.141272                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2189                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2189                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         6886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           58                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          705                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          705                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        11538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     64286540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64286540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    169168552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169168552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       360001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       360001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        52500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        52500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     41923002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41923002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    233455092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233455092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    233815093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233815093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 2923525594614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2923525594614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    150183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    150183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 2923675777614                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2923675777614                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007353                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007353                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002489                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002489                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.160082                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160082                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9335.832123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9335.832123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 36823.803222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36823.803222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6206.913793                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6206.913793                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4772.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4772.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 59465.251064                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59465.251064                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20335.809408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20335.809408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20264.785318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20264.785318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry           3158629                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   556843066                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                  278549887                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               556843068                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses              278549887                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        835392953                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    835392955                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                  2153818465                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses              2153818465                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.hits                       2153818465                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                   2153818465                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.numCycles                     11971974614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1949054131                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.committedOps                   2088532630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2018820465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                  139202132                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     69719325                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2018820465                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         3133165656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1601050182                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          7936245146                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          765720309                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    835419567                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  556861368                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 278558199                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles               5844.014000                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              11971968769.986000                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.Branches                        208930522                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               1253132441     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15221      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                50      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               556861368     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              278558199     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.op_class::total                2088567279                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            32227                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         2153830466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            32227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         66833.104726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       4307669157                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      4307669157                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst   2153786238                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     2153786238                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst   2153786238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      2153786238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst   2153786238                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     2153786238                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32227                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        32227                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         32227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32227                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        32227                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    454699046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    454699046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    454699046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    454699046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    454699046                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    454699046                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   2153818465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2153818465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   2153818465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   2153818465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   2153818465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   2153818465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14109.257641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14109.257641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14109.257641                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14109.257641                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14109.257641                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14109.257641                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        32227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    389864954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389864954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    389864954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389864954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    389864954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    389864954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12097.463431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.463431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12097.463431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.463431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12097.463431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.463431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              1358                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1972                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          215.664900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          606906569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         307761.951826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   215.664900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.842441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.842441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1531697231                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1531697231                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    487286085                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      487286085                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    278540150                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     278540150                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         3184                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3184                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         3248                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3248                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         3209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    765826235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       765826235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    765829419                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      765829419                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         6139                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6139                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2675                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2675                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           57                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          102                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          102                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         8814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          8814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         8871                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         8871                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     49917470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49917470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     45422475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45422475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       986499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       986499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2976999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2976999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     95339945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     95339945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     95339945                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     95339945                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    487292224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    487292224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    278542825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    278542825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3241                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         3241                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3311                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3311                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    765835049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    765835049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    765838290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    765838290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.017587                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.017587                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.025795                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025795                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030806                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030806                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8131.205408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8131.205408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16980.364486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16980.364486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11470.918605                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11470.918605                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 29186.264706                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29186.264706                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10816.875993                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10816.875993                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10747.372900                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10747.372900                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          518                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              518                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           57                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          102                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         8814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         8871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     37610530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37610530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     40047525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40047525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       470501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       470501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       480000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       480000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2772001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2772001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     77658055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77658055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     78128556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78128556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 2925643616123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2925643616123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    151681500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    151681500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 2925795297623                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2925795297623                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.017587                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017587                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008998                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008998                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.030806                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030806                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6126.491285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6126.491285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14971.037383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14971.037383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8254.403509                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8254.403509                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        16000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        16000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27176.480392                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27176.480392                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8810.761856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8810.761856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8807.187014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8807.187014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry           3528085                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   556520456                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         8                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                  278389698                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               556520464                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses              278389699                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        834910154                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    834910163                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                  2152659258                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses              2152659261                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.hits                       2152659258                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                   2152659261                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.numCycles                     11965014395                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.committedInsts                 1947918283                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.committedOps                   2087309325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           2017637481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                  139119220                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     69676485                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  2017637481                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         3131332445                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes        1600115395                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads          7931598116                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          765268871                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    834933886                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  556538378                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                 278395508                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              6956173.502965                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              11958058221.497034                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999419                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000581                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.Branches                        208804742                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1252391949     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   15120      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                28      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               556538378     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite              278395508     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.op_class::total                2087340983                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            31135                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         2152622617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            31135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         69138.352883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       4305349651                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      4305349651                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst   2152628123                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     2152628123                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst   2152628123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      2152628123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst   2152628123                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     2152628123                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        31135                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         31135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        31135                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    437911102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    437911102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    437911102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    437911102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    437911102                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    437911102                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   2152659258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2152659258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   2152659258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   2152659258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   2152659258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   2152659258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14064.914148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14064.914148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14064.914148                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14064.914148                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14064.914148                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14064.914148                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        31135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    375313898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375313898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    375313898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    375313898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    375313898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    375313898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12054.404946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12054.404946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12054.404946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12054.404946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12054.404946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12054.404946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry              1254                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             1659                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          234.382915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             526946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           317.628692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   234.382915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.915558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1530810685                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1530810685                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    487003907                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      487003907                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    278380032                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     278380032                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3121                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3121                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3124                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3124                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data    765383939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       765383939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data    765387060                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      765387060                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         5601                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5601                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         2711                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2711                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           48                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         8312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          8312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         8360                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         8360                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     48573973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48573973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     65108972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65108972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       802000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       802000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2923498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2923498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    113682945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    113682945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    113682945                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    113682945                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    487009508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    487009508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    278382743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    278382743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3169                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         3169                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3220                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3220                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3207                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data    765392251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    765392251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data    765395420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    765395420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.015147                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.015147                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.014907                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014907                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.025881                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.025881                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8672.375112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8672.375112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 24016.588713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24016.588713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16708.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16708.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 35222.867470                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35222.867470                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13676.966434                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13676.966434                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13598.438397                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13598.438397                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          457                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              457                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           48                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           83                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         8312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         8360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     37346027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37346027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     59659028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59659028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       750000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       750000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        56000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        56000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2756502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2756502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     97005055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97005055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     97755055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97755055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 2923878398135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2923878398135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    151595500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    151595500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 2924029993635                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2924029993635                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.015147                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015147                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003106                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003106                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.025881                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025881                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6667.742725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6667.742725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 22006.281077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22006.281077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        15625                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15625                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         5600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 33210.867470                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33210.867470                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11670.483037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11670.483037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11693.188397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11693.188397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry           3400778                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   556761361                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        28                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                  278511078                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        3                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               556761389                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses              278511081                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        835272439                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             31                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    835272470                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                  2153548824                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses              2153548835                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.hits                       2153548824                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                   2153548835                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.numCycles                     11970242364                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.committedInsts                 1948772825                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.committedOps                   2088224246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           2018521917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                  139180458                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     69709845                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  2018521917                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         3132709192                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes        1600810189                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads          7935074159                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          765606166                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    835298998                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  556779487                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 278519511                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1732091.355818                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11968510272.644182                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.999855                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000145                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.Branches                        208899072                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu               1252944525     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   15203      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                35      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               556779487     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              278519511     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.op_class::total                2088258761                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            31691                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         2153477101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            31691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         67952.324035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       4307129339                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      4307129339                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst   2153517133                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     2153517133                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst   2153517133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      2153517133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst   2153517133                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     2153517133                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        31691                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        31691                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        31691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         31691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        31691                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        31691                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    457472165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    457472165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    457472165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    457472165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    457472165                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    457472165                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   2153548824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2153548824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   2153548824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   2153548824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   2153548824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   2153548824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14435.396958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14435.396958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14435.396958                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14435.396958                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14435.396958                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14435.396958                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        31691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        31691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        31691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    393806835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393806835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    393806835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    393806835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    393806835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393806835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12426.456565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12426.456565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12426.456565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12426.456565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12426.456565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12426.456565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry              1679                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             4553                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          208.273932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             280202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            61.542280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   208.273932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.813570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.813570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1531478128                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1531478128                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    487213184                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      487213184                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    278502568                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     278502568                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         3132                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3132                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         3185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         3143                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3143                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data    765715752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       765715752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data    765718884                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      765718884                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         7910                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7910                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1527                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1527                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           55                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         9437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          9437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         9492                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         9492                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     74581970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74581970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     51890490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51890490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       850998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       850998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3000998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3000998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    126472460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    126472460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    126472460                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    126472460                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    487221094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    487221094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    278504095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    278504095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3187                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         3187                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3233                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3233                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data    765725189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    765725189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data    765728376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    765728376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.017258                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.017258                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.020301                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020301                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.027838                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.027838                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9428.820480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9428.820480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 33981.984283                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33981.984283                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12893.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12893.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 33344.422222                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33344.422222                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13401.765392                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13401.765392                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13324.110830                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13324.110830                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1152                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1152                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         7910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           55                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         9437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         9492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     58733030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58733030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     48828510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48828510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       804001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       804001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        46001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        46001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2819002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2819002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    107561540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107561540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    108365541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108365541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 2925162566125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2925162566125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    151491000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    151491000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 2925314057125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2925314057125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.017258                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017258                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.004306                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004306                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7425.161820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7425.161820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 31976.758350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31976.758350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14618.200000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14618.200000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  3285.785714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3285.785714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 31322.244444                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31322.244444                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11397.853131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11397.853131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11416.512958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11416.512958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry           3408287                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                         130                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                        126                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                     130                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                    126                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              256                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          256                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         574                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     574                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.hits                              574                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          574                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.numCycles                     21419763800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.committedInsts                        562                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.committedOps                          742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         64                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           50                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         684                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads               1148                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                2686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          268                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                        136                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                       132                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              21419760549.098450                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles               3250.901550                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.Branches                              116                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      490     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                     136     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                    132     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.op_class::total                       758                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1148                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses            1148                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            574                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            574                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          172.005641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   172.005641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.671897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.671897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.671875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              519                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             519                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            117                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          120                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           120                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          241                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            241                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total             7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        42500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        42500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         8000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        50500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        50500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        50500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        50500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         8500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        32500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        32500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        36500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        36500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        36500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        36500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         6500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  5214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  5214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 2                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                       29603                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      24440                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                   29603                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  24440                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                            54043                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                        54043                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                      130589                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                  130589                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.hits                           130589                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                       130589                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.numCycles                     11999871098                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.committedInsts                     129617                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.committedOps                       149917                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses               137423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       7283                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts        15384                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                      137423                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads             245819                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes             94626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads              553669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes              55776                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                        58207                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                      30498                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     27709                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              11999292818.086195                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              578279.913804                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000048                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999952                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.Branches                            22770                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                    95760     61.99%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     462      0.30%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.29% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                36      0.02%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.32% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                   30498     19.74%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  27709     17.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.op_class::total                    154465                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             2145                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             119948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            55.919814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           263323                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          263323                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst       128444                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         128444                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst       128444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          128444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst       128444                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         128444                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2145                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          2145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         2145                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     31258955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31258955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     31258955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     31258955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     31258955                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     31258955                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       130589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       130589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       130589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       130589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       130589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14572.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14572.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14572.939394                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14572.939394                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14572.939394                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14572.939394                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         2145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     26925045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26925045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     26925045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26925045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     26925045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26925045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.016426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12552.468531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12552.468531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12552.468531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12552.468531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12552.468531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12552.468531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                80                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              589                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          211.835255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              12466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            21.164686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   211.835255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.827481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           108747                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          108747                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        28364                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28364                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        24007                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24007                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          271                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          271                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          283                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data        52371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           52371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data        52642                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          52642                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          604                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          604                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          134                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          772                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          772                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7166496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7166496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3090000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3090000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       320000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       320000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       375999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       375999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10256496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10256496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10256496                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10256496                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        28968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        24141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          305                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          305                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data        53109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data        53414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.111475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.111475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.107256                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.107256                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.068259                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.068259                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11865.059603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11865.059603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 23059.701493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23059.701493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9411.764706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9411.764706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18799.950000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18799.950000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13897.691057                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13897.691057                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13285.616580                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13285.616580                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              188                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5954504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5954504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       320000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       320000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       335001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8776504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8776504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9096504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9096504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data       606000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       606000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005551                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.111475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.068259                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068259                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9858.450331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9858.450331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21059.701493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21059.701493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9411.764706                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9411.764706                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16750.050000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16750.050000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11892.281843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11892.281843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11783.036269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11783.036269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                35                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       12176                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      10478                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   12176                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  10478                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                            22654                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                        22654                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                       54333                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                   54333                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.hits                            54333                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                        54333                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.numCycles                     10019790125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.committedInsts                      54005                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.committedOps                        60968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                55406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       2632                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         6494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                       55406                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads              99589                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes             37652                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              224406                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              22434                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        24023                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      12470                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     11553                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              10019593288.085424                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              196836.914576                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000020                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999980                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.Branches                             9184                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                    38254     61.24%     61.24% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     178      0.28%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.02%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   12470     19.96%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  11553     18.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.op_class::total                     62465                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              867                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs              51435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.325260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           109533                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          109533                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53466                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53466                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           53466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53466                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          53466                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          867                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          867                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12485483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12485483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12485483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12485483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12485483                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12485483                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        54333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        54333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        54333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        54333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        54333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14400.787774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14400.787774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14400.787774                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14400.787774                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14400.787774                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14400.787774                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     10734517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10734517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     10734517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10734517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     10734517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10734517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12381.219146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12381.219146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12381.219146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12381.219146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12381.219146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12381.219146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                29                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              241                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          210.159102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               5000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.746888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   210.159102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.820934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.820934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            45584                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           45584                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        11689                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          11689                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        10335                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10335                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          103                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          103                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        22024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           22024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        22127                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          22127                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          261                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          261                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           36                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           36                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          305                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          305                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3052499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3052499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       588000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       588000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        85500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        86000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        86000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3640499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3640499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3640499                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3640499                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        11950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        10371                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10371                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          111                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data        22321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        22321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data        22432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        22432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.021841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.072072                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.072072                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.072072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.072072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.057143                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.057143                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11695.398467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11695.398467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 16333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16333.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10687.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10687.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12257.572391                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12257.572391                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11936.062295                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11936.062295                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           59                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               59                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2529501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2529501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       516000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       516000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        87500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        87500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        74000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        74000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3045501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3045501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3133001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3133001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       192000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       192000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.021841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.072072                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072072                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.057143                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057143                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9691.574713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9691.574713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14333.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10937.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10937.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10254.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10254.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10272.134426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10272.134426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                24                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        4470                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         4                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3940                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    4474                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3940                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             8410                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         8414                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       20200                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   20200                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.hits                            20200                       # DTB hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        20200                       # DTB accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.numCycles                     11971974664                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp4.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp4.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.committedInsts                      19834                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.committedOps                        23860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                22036                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1425                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2243                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       22036                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              39649                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             15229                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               87598                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               8477                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         9113                       # number of memory refs
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4625                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      4488                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              11971868469.509556                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              106194.490443                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000009                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999991                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.Branches                             3739                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    15457     62.72%     62.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      65      0.26%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.04%     63.02% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.02% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.02% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.02% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4625     18.77%     81.79% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   4488     18.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.op_class::total                     24645                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp4.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              453                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              21628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            47.743929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            40853                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           40853                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        19747                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19747                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        19747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           19747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        19747                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          19747                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          453                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          453                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7087493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7087493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7087493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7087493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7087493                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7087493                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        20200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        20200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        20200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        20200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        20200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15645.679912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15645.679912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15645.679912                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15645.679912                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15645.679912                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15645.679912                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6174507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6174507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6174507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6174507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6174507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6174507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13630.258278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13630.258278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13630.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13630.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13630.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13630.258278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                51                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              148                       # number of replacements
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          218.562591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               6551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            44.263514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   218.562591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.853760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.853760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            17023                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           17023                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4112                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4112                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3785                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3785                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           58                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         7897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            7897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         7955                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           7955                       # number of overall hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          257                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          257                       # number of overall misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2360999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2360999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1366998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1366998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       118500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       118500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       234500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       234500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3727997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3727997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3727997                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3727997                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         8145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         8212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.044166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.134328                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.134328                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.136842                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.136842                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.139785                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.139785                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12426.310526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12426.310526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23568.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23568.931034                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9115.384615                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9115.384615                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18038.461538                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18038.461538                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15032.245968                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15032.245968                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14505.824903                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14505.824903                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               72                       # number of writebacks
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1980001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1980001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1249002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1249002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        81000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        81000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        29500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       208500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3229003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3229003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3310003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3310003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       353500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       353500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.044166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015092                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015092                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.134328                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134328                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.139785                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139785                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10421.057895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10421.057895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21534.517241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21534.517241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         7375                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7375                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16038.461538                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16038.461538                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13020.173387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13020.173387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12879.389105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12879.389105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp4.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                25                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 5985987307000 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp4_sim_ticks]
