timestamp6.sim_seconds                                  5.028269                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp6.sim_ticks                                5028269118000                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp6.final_tick                               31175893840500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp6.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp6.host_inst_rate                                1122615                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp6.host_op_rate                                  1142090                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp6.host_tick_rate                             1235050161                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp6.host_mem_usage                                 994148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp6.host_seconds                                  4071.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp6.sim_insts                                  4570511653                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp6.sim_ops                                    4649799846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp6.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        20480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       100096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    328901888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       235008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    331508992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        87040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    338480128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        33280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       157952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    340108288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       168960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    320817408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       270336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    329810176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total       1990805760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       100096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       235008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        87040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       157952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       168960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       270336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total      1031936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks      2481408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total       2481408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           80                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1284773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1294957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1322188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1328548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1253193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1288321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total           7776585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks         9693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total             9693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        19907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     65410558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        46737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65929047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        17310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     67315436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        31413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     67639237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         5295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.itb.walker          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        33602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63802752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.itb.walker          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        53763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     65591194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total           395922675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        46737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        17310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        31413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        33602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        53763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         205227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        493491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             493491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        493491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        19907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     65410558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        46737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65929047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        17310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     67315436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         6619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        31413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     67639237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         5295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.itb.walker          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        33602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63802752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.itb.walker          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        53763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     65591194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total          396416167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                   7776585                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                     9693                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                62212680                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  77544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM           1990396032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                409728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten               2431712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys            1990805760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys            2481408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                12804                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                1569                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0         7790763                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1         7899554                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2         7748106                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3         7605352                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4         7829981                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5         7841903                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6         7639017                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7         7845200                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0            4192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2           15920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3              48                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4           12598                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5           23207                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6           19802                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                5028285353000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5            62212680                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              77544                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0               7228386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1               7267393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2               7313116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3               7341578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4               7363197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5               7386861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6               7421980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7               7470157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                528382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                491572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10               448231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11               421097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12               400496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13               377796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14               344023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15               297696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                16808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                14460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                12129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                10830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                 9858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                 8919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                 7603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                 5784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                 1308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                 1114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                 1065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                 1042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                 1009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                  987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                  971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                  951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                  446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                  351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                  344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                  340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                  329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                  320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                  314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                  299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                   70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                   46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                   44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                   39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                 2924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                 2936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                 2969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                 3000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                 3013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                 3039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                 3054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                 3103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                 3271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                 3276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                 3278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                 3278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                 3277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                 3273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                 3273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                 3273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                 3274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                 3273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                 3238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                 3208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                 3195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                 3174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                 3158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                 3109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                  102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples      7806762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.269437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.630977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.247937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63        10358      0.13%      0.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7313      0.09%      0.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4393      0.06%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159          589      0.01%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4400      0.06%      0.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7309      0.09%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255         9706      0.12%      0.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7762694     99.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total      7806762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean 19015.492510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1260.840714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 43352.996101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         2742     83.83%     83.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            7      0.21%     84.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            3      0.09%     84.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            5      0.15%     84.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            3      0.09%     84.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.06%     84.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            4      0.12%     84.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.03%     84.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.06%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            2      0.06%     84.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.03%     84.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            3      0.09%     84.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            6      0.18%     85.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            3      0.09%     85.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            3      0.09%     85.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            7      0.21%     85.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            5      0.15%     85.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            6      0.18%     85.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            9      0.28%     86.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           11      0.34%     86.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303           11      0.34%     86.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           17      0.52%     87.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           26      0.79%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           34      1.04%     89.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           35      1.07%     90.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           45      1.38%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           38      1.16%     92.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           46      1.41%     94.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           43      1.31%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           46      1.41%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           36      1.10%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           23      0.70%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           26      0.79%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           19      0.58%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total         3271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.231733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.101948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.248638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16            187      5.72%      5.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::17             41      1.25%      6.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18             48      1.47%      8.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19             44      1.35%      9.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::20             25      0.76%     10.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21             46      1.41%     11.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22             47      1.44%     13.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23             49      1.50%     14.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24           2682     81.99%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25             93      2.84%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::26              1      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total         3271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat               1683233554600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat          2737521452800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat             199039603200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   27061.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              44011.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                     395.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                  395.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       3.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   3.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits               54405824                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 63281                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                   645788.06                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4348292647850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT  570692422750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0            3797687376                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          3721783766.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          3777774940.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          3757370198.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0            2561931960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1            2510727144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2            2548498968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3            2534733864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         24992348659.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         24476947123.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         24812471923.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         24695000678.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        16600412.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        26480286.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        45237242.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        32290099.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      61641783089.279999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      61203411210.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      61782994998.720009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      61627586696.640007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      1640675665440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      1641060202176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2      1640551795344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      1640688118416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        1854048131115.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        1853361665885.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        1853880887596.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        1853697214131.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          65.639804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          65.615501                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          65.633883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          65.627381                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        39680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    323759872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        42496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    326195712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        39424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    333209600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    335368448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    315435776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        43008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    324354304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total       1958578688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        39680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        42496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        39424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        27648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        43264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        43008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total       250624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       515840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        515840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1264687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1274202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1301600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1310033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1232171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1267009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total           7650698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         2015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             2015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64387936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         8451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     64872365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         7840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     66267257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         5499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66696599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         8604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62732477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         8553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64506154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total           389513497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         8604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         8553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1884                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          49843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        102588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             102588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        102588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64387936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         8451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     64872365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         7840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     66267257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         5499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66696599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         8604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62732477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         8553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64506154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total          389616085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                   7650698                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     2015                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                61205584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  16120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM           1957676288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                902400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                216512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys            1958578688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             515840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                28200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                9362                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          196                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0         7773676                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1         7672803                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2         7672757                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3         7374218                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4         7673749                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5         7557050                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6         7750201                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7         7702930                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             616                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2            2071                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3            1201                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             704                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             418                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             545                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7            1067                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                5028270757000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5            61205584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              16120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0               7120265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1               7157270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2               7201705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3               7223147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4               7243397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5               7265877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6               7308536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7               7356207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                512993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                477411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10               435293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11               414844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12               395492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13               373968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14               332835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15               286971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                14325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                12246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                 9977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                 9000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                 8114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                 7169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                 5663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                 3869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                  205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                  164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                  112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                   94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                   49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                   33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                   89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples      7667553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.347801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.803813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.535592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7771      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7284      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4333      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159          492      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4336      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7285      0.10%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6962      0.09%      0.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7629090     99.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total      7667553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean 212977.324042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 20364.926807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 544192.593531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          200     69.69%     69.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143           43     14.98%     84.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215           12      4.18%     88.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            5      1.74%     90.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            2      0.70%     91.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            5      1.74%     93.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            6      2.09%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.17965e+06            2      0.70%     95.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            3      1.05%     96.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            2      0.70%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            2      0.70%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.09715e+06            1      0.35%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.3593e+06            1      0.35%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            1      0.35%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4.32538e+06-4.45645e+06            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::5.50502e+06-5.6361e+06            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.574913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.450274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.207853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16             14      4.88%      4.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::17              4      1.39%      6.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18              3      1.05%      7.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              4      1.39%      8.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.70%      9.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.35%      9.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::22              5      1.74%     11.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23              4      1.39%     12.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            169     58.89%     71.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::25             81     28.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat               1650681656600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat          2687638315400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat             195767628800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   26981.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              43931.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                     389.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                  389.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       3.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   3.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits               53510945                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  5652                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                   657057.28                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4361364386200                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT  557620853400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          3748980412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          3646614988.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          3639334406.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3            3727984176                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0            2529074088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1            2460018048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2            2455106544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3            2514909960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         24684058214.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1          24007224384                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         23960907609.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         24542614886.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        8196526.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        9441100.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        7881338.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        8610001.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      61212507863.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      60520956338.879997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      60465052581.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      61108581997.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      1641052222656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      1641658846800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2      1641707885184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      1641143385696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        1853597153939.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        1852665215839.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        1852598281843.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        1853408200896.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          65.623838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          65.590844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          65.588474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          65.617148                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        89344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    325024256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       174848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    327665920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        51456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    334689792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        93696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    336165376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       125696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    316913920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       174848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    325748736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total       1966939904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        89344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       174848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        93696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       125696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       174848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total       728832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       876544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        876544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1269626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1279945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1307382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1313146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1237945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1272456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total           7683359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         3424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             3424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        17768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64639391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        34773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65164754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        10233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     66561631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        18634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66855088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        24998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63026444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        34773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64783473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         2087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total           391176339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        34773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        10233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        18634                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        24998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        34773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         2087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         144947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        174323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             174323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        174323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        17768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64639391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        34773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65164754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        10233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     66561631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        18634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66855088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        24998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63026444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        34773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64783473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         2087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total          391350662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                   7683359                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     3424                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                61466872                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  27392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM           1966539040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                400864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                700352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys            1966939904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             876544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                12527                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                5513                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0         7693455                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1         7616712                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2         7434394                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3         7518954                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4         8010339                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5         7686544                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6         7772651                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7         7721296                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0           18957                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2            1233                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             136                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             665                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             607                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7              56                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                5028269401000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5            61466872                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              27392                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0               7150352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1               7188112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2               7232418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3               7254095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4               7274672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5               7297242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6               7340951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7               7388864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                516682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                480975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10               438870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11               418268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12               398592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13               376947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14               334839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15               288690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                14825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                12485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                10303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                 9253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                 8361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                 7463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                 5882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                 4148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                  281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                  202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                  150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                   83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                   37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                  326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples      7704374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.340589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.786945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.605886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8086      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7261      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4327      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159          538      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4323      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7223      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7392      0.10%      0.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7665223     99.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::288-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total      7704374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean 63908.316667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 14447.009398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 61693.729123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191          444     46.25%     46.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            5      0.52%     46.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            2      0.21%     46.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            7      0.73%     47.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32768-40959            3      0.31%     48.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            3      0.31%     48.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::49152-57343            2      0.21%     48.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            8      0.83%     49.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::65536-73727            4      0.42%     49.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::73728-81919            5      0.52%     50.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::81920-90111           17      1.77%     52.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::90112-98303           21      2.19%     54.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::98304-106495           38      3.96%     58.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::106496-114687           72      7.50%     65.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::114688-122879           81      8.44%     74.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::122880-131071           88      9.17%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263           85      8.85%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::139264-147455           45      4.69%     96.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::147456-155647           28      2.92%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::212992-221183            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::409600-417791            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.797917                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.560908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.048923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16            102     10.62%     10.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::17             37      3.85%     14.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18             36      3.75%     18.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19              7      0.73%     18.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.21%     19.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21              5      0.52%     19.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22             12      1.25%     20.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::23             44      4.58%     25.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            460     47.92%     73.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::25            253     26.35%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::26              1      0.10%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat               1659063158600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat          2700714306350                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat             196653904000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   26996.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              43946.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                     391.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                  391.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits               53753611                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                 18246                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                   654144.84                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4357936212700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT  561048261900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0            3701971728                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          3613661251.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          3775280140.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3            3752756784                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0            2497361880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1            2437787352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2            2546815968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3            2531621640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         24357989260.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         23793084057.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         24858870067.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         24708101683.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        16684185.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        7960965.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        7531729.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        7823692.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      60984341660.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      60272073198.720009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      61407367260.480003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      61262242871.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0      1641252368448.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      1641877165344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      1640881293360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      1641008595456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        1853172831341.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        1852363846347.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        1853839272705.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        1853633256306.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          65.608816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          65.580175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          65.632410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          65.625116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        63744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    321972224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        74496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    324298752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       295936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    331311616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        46080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    332564480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        63232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    313840640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    322209792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total       1946821632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        63744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        74496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       295936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        46080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        63232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        67840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total       623360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks      1572864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total       1572864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1257704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1266792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1294186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1299080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1225940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1258632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total           7604772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         6144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             6144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        12677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64032417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        14815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     64495106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        58854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     65889794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         9164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66138958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        12575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62415243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        13492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64079663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total           387175306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        58854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        12575                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        13492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         123971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        312804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             312804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        312804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        12677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64032417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        14815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     64495106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        58854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     65889794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         9164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66138958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        12575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62415243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        13492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64079663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total          387488110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                   7604772                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     6144                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                60838176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  49152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM           1946422464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                399168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten               1486112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys            1946821632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys            1572864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                12474                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                2712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0         7556235                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1         7657576                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2         7610320                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3         7509561                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4         7582816                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5         7678993                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6         7553450                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7         7676751                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0              96                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3            4668                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4           21613                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5            7975                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             112                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7           11665                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                5028274319000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5            60838176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              49152                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0               7080518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1               7117144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2               7160107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3               7180953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4               7201041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5               7223065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6               7265873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7               7312498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                505669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                471150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10               430493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11               410657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12               391453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13               370363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14               329126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15               284236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                15438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                13304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                11056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                10080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                 9216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                 8298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                 6761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                 5045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                 1178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                 1013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                  963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                  949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                  931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                  916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                  890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                  883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                  670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                  445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                  433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                  416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                  417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                  413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                  414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                  413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                  166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                  113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                 1762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                 1769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                 1781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                 1788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                 1791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                 1804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                 1821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                 1901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                 1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                 2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                 2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                 2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                 2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                 2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                 2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                 2006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                 2004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                 2005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                 1993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                 1986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                 1983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                 1972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                 1957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                 1884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples      7629583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.309966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.716081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.901884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9049      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7214      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4146      0.05%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159          495      0.01%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4138      0.05%      0.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7196      0.09%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8378      0.11%      0.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7588967     99.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total      7629583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean 30296.945137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  2858.468561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 51141.651819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1478     73.72%     73.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            4      0.20%     73.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.05%     73.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.10%     74.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.05%     74.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            3      0.15%     74.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.05%     74.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            3      0.15%     74.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            3      0.15%     74.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            2      0.10%     74.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            3      0.15%     74.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.10%     74.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.05%     75.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            2      0.10%     75.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            4      0.20%     75.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            5      0.25%     75.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            5      0.25%     75.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            5      0.25%     76.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            5      0.25%     76.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            9      0.45%     76.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            9      0.45%     77.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            9      0.45%     77.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           11      0.55%     78.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            9      0.45%     78.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           25      1.25%     79.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           21      1.05%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           41      2.04%     82.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           42      2.09%     85.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           43      2.14%     87.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           44      2.19%     89.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           42      2.09%     91.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           41      2.04%     93.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           40      2.00%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           33      1.65%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           24      1.20%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           20      1.00%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           12      0.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total         2005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.162594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.015768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.387070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16            114      5.69%      5.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::17             61      3.04%      8.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18             39      1.95%     10.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19             18      0.90%     11.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::20              7      0.35%     11.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21             15      0.75%     12.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22             28      1.40%     14.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::23             71      3.54%     17.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24           1476     73.62%     91.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25            175      8.73%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::33              1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total         2005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat               1643793984600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat          2674789633500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat             194642246400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   27024.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              43974.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                     387.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                  387.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       3.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   3.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits               53203906                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 38654                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                   660666.12                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4362162035100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT  556822258500                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          3667418899.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          3657946521.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          3685594953.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          3671750476.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0            2474052432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1            2467662336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2            2486314056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3            2476974528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         24149494886.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         24079400217.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         24224692876.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         24162279398.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        7202856.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        12494269.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        30272486.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        17308753.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      60636270913.920006                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      60602788676.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      61085308322.879997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      60758587405.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      1641557693664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1      1641587064048.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      1641163801200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      1641450398496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        1852854247831.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        1852769470248.000244                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        1853038098074.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        1852899413237.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          65.597537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          65.594535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          65.604046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          65.599136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       128000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    324749824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       164096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    326962176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       353280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    334216704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       134656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    335900928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       151296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    316434944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       154112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    325410304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total       1964781056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       128000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       164096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       353280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       134656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       151296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       154112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total      1101056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks      1765376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total       1765376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1268554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1277196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1305534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1312113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1236074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1271134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total           7674926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         6896                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             6896                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        25456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64584814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        32635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65024796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        70259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     66467545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        26780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66802496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        30089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62931187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        30649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64716167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total           390746997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        32635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        70259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        26780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        30089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        30649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         218973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        351090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             351090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        351090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        25456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64584814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        32635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65024796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        70259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     66467545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        26780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66802496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        30089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62931187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        30649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64716167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total          391098087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                   7674926                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     6896                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                61399408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  55168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM           1964360480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                420576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten               1693888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys            1964781056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys            1765376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                13143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                2251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           37                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0         7770019                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1         7499360                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2         7865621                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3         7574296                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4         7764769                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5         7593208                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6         7550321                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7         7768671                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0           23192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1              56                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2           24189                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             648                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             121                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             600                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7            4056                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                5028270062000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5            61399408                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              55168                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0               7142514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1               7180016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2               7223922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3               7245512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4               7266104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5               7288270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6               7331287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7               7379343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                515571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                479946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10               438400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11               417841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12               398220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13               377015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14               335668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15               289485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                15279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                13070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                10750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                 9737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                 8774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                 7833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                 6179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                 4338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                  298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                  215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                  163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                  134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                 1980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                 1992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                 1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                 2008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                 2022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                 2047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                 2081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                 2188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                 2298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                 2304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                 2303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                 2304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                 2302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                 2302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                 2300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                 2300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                 2300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                 2301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                 2297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                 2285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                 2274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                 2249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                 2218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                 2114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples      7701011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.298216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.694640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.989639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9344      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7194      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4380      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159          549      0.01%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4374      0.06%      0.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7192      0.09%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8715      0.11%      0.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7659263     99.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total      7701011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean 26700.577826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  2278.674159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 49181.753582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1773     77.09%     77.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.09%     77.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            3      0.13%     77.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.09%     77.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.09%     77.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            3      0.13%     77.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            5      0.22%     77.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.09%     77.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.04%     77.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            2      0.09%     78.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.04%     78.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            4      0.17%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.04%     78.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.04%     78.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            4      0.17%     78.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.04%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            3      0.13%     78.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            5      0.22%     78.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            3      0.13%     79.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            7      0.30%     79.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015           10      0.43%     79.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111           14      0.61%     80.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            8      0.35%     80.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303           12      0.52%     81.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           22      0.96%     82.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           18      0.78%     83.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           36      1.57%     84.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           49      2.13%     86.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           40      1.74%     88.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           37      1.61%     90.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           52      2.26%     92.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           36      1.57%     93.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           47      2.04%     95.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           29      1.26%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           22      0.96%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           29      1.26%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           14      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total         2300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.014783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.856763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.491001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16            127      5.52%      5.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::17             97      4.22%      9.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18             39      1.70%     11.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19             35      1.52%     12.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::20             20      0.87%     13.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21             32      1.39%     15.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::22             29      1.26%     16.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::23            103      4.48%     20.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24           1685     73.26%     94.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::25            127      5.52%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32              6      0.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total         2300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat               1657774738150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat          2698271929900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat             196436048000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   27005.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              43955.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                     390.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                  390.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits               53694176                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 44012                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                   654567.38                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4356647748950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT  562338133650                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          3699450316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          3751079068.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2            3705077376                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          3715057785.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0            2495660928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1            2530489848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2            2499456960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3            2506189776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         24317755238.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         24655248883.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         24397681651.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         24452097446.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        30969630.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        31439093.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        7296583.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        16050078.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      61132791493.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      61542674881.920006                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      60916631515.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      61014717005.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      1641122149296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      1640762602464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      1641311763312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      1641225723408.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        1853160891082.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        1853635648418.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        1853200021577.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        1853291949679.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          65.608393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          65.625201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          65.609778                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          65.613033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        39936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    321875712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        42496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        35072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    324234240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        40960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    331156992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        56064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    332978688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        43008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    313680128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    322293248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total       1946667776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        35072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        23808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        23808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total       187136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       816384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        816384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1257327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1266540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1293582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1300698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1225313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1258958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total           7604171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         3189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             3189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64013223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         6975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     64482277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         8146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         4735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     65859043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        11150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         3564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66221334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         8553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         6822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62383321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         7535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64096261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total           387144707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         6822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          37217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        162359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             162359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        162359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64013223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         8451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         6975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     64482277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         8146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         4735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     65859043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        11150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         3564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66221334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         8553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         6822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62383321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         7535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64096261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total          387307066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                   7604171                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     3189                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                60833368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  25512                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM           1946259808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                407968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                612288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys            1946667776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             816384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                12749                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                6379                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0         7512096                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1         7873080                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2         7419576                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3         7519171                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4         7622144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5         7761538                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6         7514459                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7         7598555                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2              64                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3            4330                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5            6792                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             136                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7            7396                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                5028278045000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5            60833368                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              25512                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0               7081530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1               7118915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2               7162515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3               7183824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4               7203928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5               7226278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6               7268623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7               7315387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                506185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                470932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10               429605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11               409285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12               390076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13               368637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14               327880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15               282841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                14565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                12348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                10114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                 9142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                 8264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                 7365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                 5802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                 4094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                  506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                  319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                  275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                  256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                  238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                  225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                  200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                  183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                  144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                  371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples      7624414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.347112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.800179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.549048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7868      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7122      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4307      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159          493      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4302      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7104      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7130      0.09%      0.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7586088     99.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total      7624414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean 74749.546683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 23006.161672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 59217.489899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          291     35.75%     35.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           15      1.84%     37.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.25%     37.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            3      0.37%     38.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            2      0.25%     38.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.12%     38.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.12%     38.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.12%     38.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            3      0.37%     39.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.12%     39.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            3      0.37%     39.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.12%     39.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.25%     40.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            3      0.37%     40.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            3      0.37%     40.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            3      0.37%     41.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            9      1.11%     42.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            9      1.11%     43.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           10      1.23%     44.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303           10      1.23%     45.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           17      2.09%     47.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           18      2.21%     50.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           28      3.44%     53.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           46      5.65%     59.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           45      5.53%     64.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           46      5.65%     70.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           41      5.04%     75.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           49      6.02%     81.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           41      5.04%     86.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           37      4.55%     91.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           27      3.32%     94.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           20      2.46%     96.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           22      2.70%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647            3      0.37%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::172032-176127            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.506143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.349412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.480296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16             48      5.90%      5.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17             14      1.72%      7.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18             17      2.09%      9.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19             11      1.35%     11.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::20              7      0.86%     11.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              9      1.11%     13.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              7      0.86%     13.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23             14      1.72%     15.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            367     45.09%     60.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::25            320     39.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat               1640466550950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat          2671376043000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat             194625980800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   26972.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              43922.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                     387.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                  387.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       3.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   3.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    30.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits               53199345                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                 15994                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                   660975.43                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4363778226300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT  555206067300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          3729520972.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          3602128924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          3722989737.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          3660916089.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0            2515946688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1            2430007608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2            2511540696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3            2469665616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         24558943718.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         23715693081.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         24508964812.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         24094785561.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        7179632.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        9475937.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        10477486.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        11215687.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      61068509282.879997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      60200451339.840004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      61061040987.840004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      60684249847.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0      1641178537200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      1641939991536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2      1641185088336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      1641515606880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        1853420751673.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        1852259862606.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        1853362216235.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        1852798553861.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          65.617593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          65.576493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          65.615520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          65.595565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       151808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    328996864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       182784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    330889984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       376064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    337738496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       159232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    339385344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       158208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    320219648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       182272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    328982784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total       1987549952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       151808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       182784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       376064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       159232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       158208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       182272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total      1234176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks      1925120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total       1925120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1285144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1292539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1319291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1325724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1250858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1285089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total           7763867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         7520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             7520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        30191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     65429446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        36351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65805942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        74790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     67167943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        31667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     67495461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         4175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.itb.walker           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        31464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63683872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.itb.walker           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        36249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     65426646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         2036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total           395275174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        30191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        36351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        74790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        31667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        31464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        36249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         2036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         245447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        382859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             382859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        382859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        30191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     65429446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        36351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65805942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        74790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     67167943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        31667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     67495461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         4175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.itb.walker           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        31464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63683872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.itb.walker           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        36249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     65426646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         2036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total          395658034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                   7763867                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     7520                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                62110936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  60160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM           1987154336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                395616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten               1868448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys            1987549952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys            1925120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                12363                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                1754                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          166                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0         7872395                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1         7718561                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2         7672412                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3         7806912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4         7778417                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5         7820528                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6         7693508                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7         7735840                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0           23243                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1           26666                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2            7912                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             136                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                5028269435000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5            62110936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              60160                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0               7218419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1               7257039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2               7302118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3               7324060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4               7344896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5               7367945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6               7412243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7               7460264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                526878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                490334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10               447631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11               426807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12               406936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13               384891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14               342261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15               296101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                16334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                14124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                11780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                10682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                 9730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                 8744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                 7134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                 5298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                  930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                  686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                  634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                  615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                  597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                  579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                  537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                  506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                  169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                   99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                   95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                   95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                   93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                   93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                   86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                 2208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                 2214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                 2227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                 2243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                 2253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                 2283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                 2307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                 2432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                 2527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                 2536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                 2536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                 2537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                 2537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                 2537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                 2537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                 2537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                 2536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                 2535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                 2523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                 2507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                 2497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                 2468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                 2445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                 2323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                  121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples      7791501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.281079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.663378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.120963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9621      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7613      0.10%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4437      0.06%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159          573      0.01%      0.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4440      0.06%      0.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7597      0.10%      0.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255         9030      0.12%      0.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7748190     99.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total      7791501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean 24504.961721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1849.556911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 48093.442452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         2010     79.32%     79.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            5      0.20%     79.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.04%     79.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.08%     79.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.04%     79.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            3      0.12%     79.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            3      0.12%     79.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.04%     79.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.04%     79.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            2      0.08%     80.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.04%     80.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            3      0.12%     80.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.04%     80.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.04%     80.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            8      0.32%     80.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            3      0.12%     80.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.08%     80.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            4      0.16%     80.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            5      0.20%     81.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            9      0.36%     81.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            9      0.36%     81.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           16      0.63%     82.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            6      0.24%     82.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           18      0.71%     83.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           27      1.07%     84.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           26      1.03%     85.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           42      1.66%     87.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           45      1.78%     88.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           32      1.26%     90.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           54      2.13%     92.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           40      1.58%     93.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           42      1.66%     95.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           40      1.58%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           21      0.83%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           24      0.95%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           22      0.87%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647            4      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total         2534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.042226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.896161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.385017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16            123      4.85%      4.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17            113      4.46%      9.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18             34      1.34%     10.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19             43      1.70%     12.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::20             18      0.71%     13.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21             33      1.30%     14.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::22             33      1.30%     15.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23            109      4.30%     19.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24           1927     76.05%     96.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::25             99      3.91%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::30              1      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total         2534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat               1679677984100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat          2732248796450                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat             198715433600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   27048.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              43998.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                     395.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                  395.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       3.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   3.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits               54316897                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 48564                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                   647023.43                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4350077970850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT  568906537750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0            3783426192                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          3747645619.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2            3772884528                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          3716479670.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0            2552311320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1            2528173632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2            2545199880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3            2507148984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         24819373862.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         24664789593.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         24844887475.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3          24471482880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        58327464.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        17434828.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        6854492.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        6973931.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      62043912051.840004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      61221237782.400002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      61394276813.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      61011019028.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      1640322920736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      1641044564832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      1640892776208.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3      1641228967248.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        1853942385806.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        1853585960467.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        1853818993576.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        1853304185921.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          65.636060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          65.623442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          65.631692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          65.613466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       210688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    325128192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       140288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    327102720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        51712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    334010880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       112896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    336087040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       112896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    316621568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       161536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    325276928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total       1965039872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       210688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       140288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        51712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       112896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       112896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       161536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total       799744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks      1797376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total       1797376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1270032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1277745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1304730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1312840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1236803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1270613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total           7675937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         7021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             7021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        41901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64660062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        27900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65052747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        10284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     66426612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        22452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66839509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.itb.walker           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        22452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62968302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.itb.walker           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        32126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64689642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst          916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total           390798469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        41901                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        27900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        10284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        22452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        22452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        32126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         159050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        357454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             357454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        357454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        41901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64660062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        27900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65052747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        10284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     66426612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        22452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66839509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.itb.walker           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        22452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62968302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.itb.walker           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        32126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64689642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst          916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total          391155923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                   7675937                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     7021                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                61407496                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  56168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM           1964633792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                406080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten               1730592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys            1965039872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys            1797376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                12690                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                2087                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          298                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0         7519152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1         7641688                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2         7886791                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3         7477687                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4         7832336                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5         7746080                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6         7634848                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7         7656224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1           23126                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2           26518                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3            3974                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             119                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             128                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                5028269401000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5            61407496                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              56168                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0               7145014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1               7182251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2               7225378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3               7247056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4               7267463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5               7289612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6               7333194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7               7380877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                513622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                478287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10               437372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11               416738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12               397239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13               376009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14               333997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15               288180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                14939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                12839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                10671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                 9646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                 8752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                 7847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                 6297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                 4587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                  713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                  620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                  555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                  533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                  516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                  502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                  484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                  455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                  326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                  262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                  259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                  256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                  253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                  251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                  248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                  188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                  102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                   66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                   61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                 2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                 2030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                 2038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                 2052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                 2064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                 2093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                 2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                 2250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                 2353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                 2357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                 2357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                 2358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                 2358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                 2358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                 2358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                 2358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                 2355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                 2355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                 2347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                 2334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                 2321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                 2294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                 2258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                 2148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                  141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples      7702333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.294647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.688340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.016171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9376      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7248      0.09%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4404      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159          554      0.01%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4393      0.06%      0.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7232      0.09%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8778      0.11%      0.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7660348     99.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total      7702333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean 26035.077740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  2023.642877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 49052.500373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1832     77.82%     77.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            6      0.25%     78.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            3      0.13%     78.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.08%     78.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            4      0.17%     78.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.04%     78.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            6      0.25%     78.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            2      0.08%     78.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.04%     78.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            2      0.08%     78.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.04%     79.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.04%     79.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            5      0.21%     79.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            1      0.04%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.04%     79.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            5      0.21%     79.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            3      0.13%     79.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            9      0.38%     80.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            8      0.34%     80.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           12      0.51%     80.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303           12      0.51%     81.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           20      0.85%     82.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           20      0.85%     83.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           37      1.57%     84.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           50      2.12%     86.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           40      1.70%     88.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           38      1.61%     90.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           48      2.04%     92.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           42      1.78%     93.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           44      1.87%     95.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           33      1.40%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           23      0.98%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           25      1.06%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           17      0.72%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total         2354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.974087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.818507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.472752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16            121      5.14%      5.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::17            102      4.33%      9.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18             46      1.95%     11.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19             43      1.83%     13.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::20             23      0.98%     14.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21             38      1.61%     15.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22             41      1.74%     17.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::23            108      4.59%     22.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24           1708     72.56%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::25            120      5.10%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::33              2      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total         2354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat               1659197154000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat          2699839115700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat             196463379200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   27025.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              43975.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                     390.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                  390.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits               53701581                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 44973                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                   654470.50                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4356394944500                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT  562589530100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          3681317203.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          3718157990.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          3779964316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          3691144598.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0            2483428272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1            2508281184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2            2549975928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3            2490057864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         24196371763.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1          24422903232                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2          24890978112                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         24305746483.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        31143813.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        42534927.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2             6884352                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        6881034.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      61016242216.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      61327977514.560005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2       61438860864                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      60829794322.560005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      1641224385504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      1640950933488.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      1640853667392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3      1641387936288.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        1852995002951.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        1853332902515.520264                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        1853882445144                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        1853073674769.600342                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          65.602520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          65.614483                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          65.633938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          65.605305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       156160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    330747648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       209152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    332709120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        20480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       444160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    339939328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       194816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    341464832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       204800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    321771520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       228096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    331199232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total       1999422208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       156160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       209152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       444160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       194816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       204800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       228096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total      1453056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks      1899776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total       1899776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1291983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1299645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           80                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1327888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1333847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           84                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1256920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1293747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total           7810243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         7421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             7421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        31056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     65777634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        41595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     66167723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        88333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     67605635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        38744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     67909021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         4277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        40730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63992502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        45363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     65867443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total           397636276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        31056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        41595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        88333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        38744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        40730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        45363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         288977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        377819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             377819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        377819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        31056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     65777634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        41595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     66167723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        88333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     67605635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        38744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     67909021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         4277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        40730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63992502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        45363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     65867443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total          398014095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                   7810243                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     7421                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                62481944                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  59368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM           1999013824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                408384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten               1833216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys            1999422208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys            1899776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                12762                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                2088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          469                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0         8022730                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1         7585616                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2         7993868                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3         7994163                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4         7509944                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5         7869210                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6         7807368                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7         7686283                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0           23504                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2           24122                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3            4036                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             721                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             560                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                5028287210000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5            62481944                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              59368                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0               7259082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1               7298211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2               7344136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3               7366792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4               7388131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5               7411055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6               7455258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7               7504483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                533208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                496100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10               452558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11               430967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12               410571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13               388576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14               346053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15               298654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                15930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                13628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                11274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                10230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                 9297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                 8383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                 6723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                 4917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                  635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                  529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                  487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                  466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                  448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                  433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                  410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                  395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                  204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                  138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                  136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                  134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                  134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                  133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                  132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                 2172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                 2178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                 2194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                 2206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                 2215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                 2236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                 2260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                 2376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                 2472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                 2480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                 2481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                 2481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                 2481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                 2481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                 2481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                 2482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                 2483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                 2483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                 2466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                 2455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                 2446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                 2426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                 2403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                 2287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples      7837364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.295918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.688350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.015769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9605      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7405      0.09%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4347      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159          564      0.01%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4338      0.06%      0.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7404      0.09%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8964      0.11%      0.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7794737     99.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total      7837364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean 25179.110439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  1927.696268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 48762.518067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1953     78.72%     78.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            5      0.20%     78.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.04%     78.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.04%     79.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.08%     79.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            6      0.24%     79.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            4      0.16%     79.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.04%     79.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.04%     79.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            2      0.08%     79.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            3      0.12%     79.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.04%     79.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            3      0.12%     79.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.04%     79.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            2      0.08%     80.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            4      0.16%     80.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            4      0.16%     80.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            3      0.12%     80.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            7      0.28%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            5      0.20%     80.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            5      0.20%     81.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            8      0.32%     81.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           11      0.44%     81.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303           13      0.52%     82.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           10      0.40%     82.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           23      0.93%     83.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           28      1.13%     84.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           37      1.49%     86.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           41      1.65%     88.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           40      1.61%     89.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           52      2.10%     91.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           40      1.61%     93.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           47      1.89%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           35      1.41%     96.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           29      1.17%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           24      0.97%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           23      0.93%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647            6      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total         2481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.090689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.946842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.364608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16            121      4.88%      4.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17            102      4.11%      8.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18             42      1.69%     10.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19             31      1.25%     11.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::20             13      0.52%     12.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21             26      1.05%     13.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22             37      1.49%     14.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::23            107      4.31%     19.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24           1866     75.21%     94.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::25            134      5.40%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::27              1      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::31              1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total         2481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat               1689653800400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat          2748506435300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat             199901382400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   27047.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              43997.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                     397.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                  397.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       3.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   3.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits               54641459                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 47647                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                   643195.62                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4346774589550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT  572209704050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          3771924105.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1            3890518128                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          3720891081.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          3777207638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0            2544551976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1            2624555880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2            2510124936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3            2548116264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         24791469580.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         25561874956.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         24500380070.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         24857235187.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        32927523.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        41390300.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        7677296.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        14926602.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      61676074526.400002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      62527855731.840004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      61039861885.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      61520817525.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      1640645585232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1      1639898408736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      1641203666496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      1640781775584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        1853824647123.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        1854906717912                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        1853344715945.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        1853862192980.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          65.631892                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          65.670201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          65.614901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          65.633221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    324196608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        45312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    326300672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       773120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    333526016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    335242240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        47616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    315988992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    324454656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total       1960721408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        45312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       773120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        27648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        47616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        45056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total      1009408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       900864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        900864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1266393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1274612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         3020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1302836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1309540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1234332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1267401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total           7659068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         3519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             3519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         9877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64474792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     64893239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       153755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     66330184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         5499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66671499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         9470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62842498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         8961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64526112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total           389939632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9011                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       153755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         9470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         8961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         200747                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        179160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             179160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        179160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         9877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64474792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     64893239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       153755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     66330184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         5499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66671499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         9470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62842498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         8961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64526112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total          390118792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                   7659068                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     3519                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                61272544                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  28152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM           1960323936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                397472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                730464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys            1960721408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             900864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                12421                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                5324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0         7684764                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1         7538008                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2         7583211                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3         7953376                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4         7562435                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5         7664496                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6         7580137                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7         7693696                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0           19074                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1              96                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2            1456                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3              88                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             969                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             376                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             649                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             119                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                5028277655000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5            61272544                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              28152                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0               7130334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1               7167742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2               7211518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3               7233214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4               7253491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5               7275651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6               7319260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7               7365999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                512579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                477112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10               435619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11               414922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12               395572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13               374312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14               332302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15               287319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                14699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                12463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                10190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                 9215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                 8314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                 7432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                 5863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                 4106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                  217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                  169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                  111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                   34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                 1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                 1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                 1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                 1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                 1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                 1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                 1006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                 1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                 1007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                 1005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                 1005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                 1000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                  335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples      7680118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.341702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.786844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.605162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8144      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7178      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4282      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159          479      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4289      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7140      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7445      0.10%      0.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7641161     99.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total      7680118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean 60377.871769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 12354.257605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 60496.333593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          478     47.51%     47.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           13      1.29%     48.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            3      0.30%     49.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.10%     49.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            2      0.20%     49.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.20%     49.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.10%     49.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            6      0.60%     50.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            2      0.20%     50.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.10%     50.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            2      0.20%     50.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            2      0.20%     50.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            3      0.30%     51.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            2      0.20%     51.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.10%     51.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.20%     51.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            2      0.20%     51.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            4      0.40%     52.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            4      0.40%     52.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            6      0.60%     53.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111           14      1.39%     54.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207            9      0.89%     55.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303           12      1.19%     56.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           16      1.59%     58.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           24      2.39%     60.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           34      3.38%     64.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           36      3.58%     67.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           44      4.37%     72.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           35      3.48%     75.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           47      4.67%     80.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           48      4.77%     85.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           43      4.27%     89.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           31      3.08%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           27      2.68%     95.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           27      2.68%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           14      1.39%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647            7      0.70%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::188416-192511            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total         1006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.690855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.433507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.169955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16            135     13.42%     13.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17             28      2.78%     16.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18             35      3.48%     19.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.10%     19.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              7      0.70%     20.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      0.30%     20.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              5      0.50%     21.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23             45      4.47%     25.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            488     48.51%     74.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::25            258     25.65%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total         1006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat               1653374690150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat          2691733775000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat             196032393600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   26989.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              43939.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                     389.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                  389.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       3.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   3.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits               53583815                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                 19017                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                   656211.49                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4359554310850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT  559430138750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          3668451292.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          3747989750.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2            3693592224                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          3705831561.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0            2474748888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1            2528405784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2            2491709040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3            2499965736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         24136473254.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         24678017395.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         24318537484.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3          24400204608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        17166504.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        8209797.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        8396835.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        7561175.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      60765312055.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      61207068530.879997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      60843696759.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      60930993326.400002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      1641444499680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      1641056994000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      1641375741168.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      1641299165232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        1852868765855.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        1853588799436.799805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        1853093787691.200439                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        1853205835818.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          65.598051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          65.623542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          65.606017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          65.609984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       209408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    329370880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       266240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    331472640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       314112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    338492416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       218624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    340147200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       224256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    320429056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        20736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       271360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    329661952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total       1991205632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       209408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       266240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       314112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       218624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       224256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       271360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total      1517824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks      1846528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total       1846528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1286605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst         1040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1294815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         1227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1322236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1328700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1251676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst         1060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1287742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total           7778147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         7213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             7213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        41646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     65503829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        52949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65921818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        62469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     67317880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        43479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     67646976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        44599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63725518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        53967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     65561716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total           396002200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        41646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        52949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        62469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        43479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        44599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        53967                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         301858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        367229                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             367229                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        367229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        41646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     65503829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        52949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65921818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        62469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     67317880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        43479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     67646976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        44599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63725518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         4124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        53967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     65561716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total          396369429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                   7778147                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     7213                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                62225176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  57704                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM           1990817184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                388448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten               1774400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys            1991205632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys            1846528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                12139                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                2238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0         7614288                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1         7868050                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2         7461168                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3         7741999                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4         7488792                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5         8158894                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6         7840016                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7         8039830                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             464                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1           26092                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3            4703                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             136                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5            8107                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6              88                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7           11851                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                5028278260000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5            62225176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              57704                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0               7229502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1               7268722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2               7314120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3               7336200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4               7357283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5               7380435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6               7424804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7               7473853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                529689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                492653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10               449640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11               428672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12               408544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13               386349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14               343658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15               296487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                16295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                13974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                11631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                10544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                 9606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                 8664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                 7001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                 5138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                 1061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                  870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                  817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                  792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                  773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                  755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                  743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                  726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                  492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                  365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                  364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                  362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                  362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                  362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                  353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                  351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                 2102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                 2111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                 2124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                 2143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                 2152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                 2165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                 2185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                 2280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                 2397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                 2401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                 2401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                 2403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                 2403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                 2403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                 2403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                 2404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                 2402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                 2402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                 2389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                 2368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                 2360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                 2348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                 2329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                 2239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples      7805178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.290986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.682777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    11.040357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63         9480      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7449      0.10%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4524      0.06%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159          487      0.01%      0.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4522      0.06%      0.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7440      0.10%      0.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8869      0.11%      0.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7762407     99.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total      7805178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean 25932.387245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  2081.997629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 49224.320919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         1877     78.24%     78.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            8      0.33%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.04%     78.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            3      0.13%     78.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.04%     78.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.04%     78.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            2      0.08%     78.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.04%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            3      0.13%     79.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            3      0.13%     79.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            6      0.25%     79.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            4      0.17%     79.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            3      0.13%     79.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            5      0.21%     79.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            8      0.33%     80.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            6      0.25%     80.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            5      0.21%     80.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           14      0.58%     81.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            8      0.33%     81.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           16      0.67%     82.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           23      0.96%     83.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           29      1.21%     84.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           45      1.88%     86.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           42      1.75%     88.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           36      1.50%     89.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           52      2.17%     91.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           37      1.54%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           48      2.00%     95.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           39      1.63%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           25      1.04%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           24      1.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           19      0.79%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::151552-155647            5      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total         2399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.113797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.966619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.395779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16            132      5.50%      5.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17             82      3.42%      8.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18             35      1.46%     10.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19             34      1.42%     11.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20             14      0.58%     12.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21             30      1.25%     13.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22             25      1.04%     14.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23             87      3.63%     18.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24           1821     75.91%     94.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::25            135      5.63%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              4      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total         2399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat               1682078047950                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat          2736589025100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat             199081718400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   27037.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              43987.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                     395.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                  396.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       3.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   3.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits               54417181                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 46128                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                   645863.29                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4349285980750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT  569698312850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          3757040582.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          3689365881.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          3779926214.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          3845289974.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0            2534511504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1            2488857936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2            2549950224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3          2594044824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         24694651737.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         24283123238.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         24880946188.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         25305414950.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        29891358.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        14743710.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        12946728.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        17853281.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      61612883104.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      60844332824.640007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      61473418842.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      61966700326.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      1640701016304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      1641375183216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      1640823353376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3      1640390650320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        1853692108770.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        1853057720986.559814                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        1853882655753.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        1854482067855.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          65.627200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          65.604740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          65.633946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          65.655167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       193024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       140288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    325890816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       196608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       108032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    327914752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       181760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        46080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    335121408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       170752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        92672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    337251840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker       178944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       105728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    317626880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker       199680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       110592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    326735616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total       1972287488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       140288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       108032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        46080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        92672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       105728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       110592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total       623872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks      1168128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total       1168128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1273011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1280917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1309068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1317390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1240730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1276311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total           7704248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         4563                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             4563                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        38388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        27900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64811729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        39101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        21485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65214241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        36148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         9164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     66647469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        33958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        18430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     67071159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        35588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.itb.walker           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        21027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63168234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        39711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.itb.walker           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        21994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64979739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total           392239843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21485                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        18430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        21027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        21994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         124073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        232312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             232312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        232312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        38388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        27900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64811729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        39101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        21485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65214241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        36148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         9164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     66647469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        33958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        18430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     67071159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker        35588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.itb.walker           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        21027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63168234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker        39711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.itb.walker           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        21994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64979739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total          392472155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                   7704248                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     4563                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                61633984                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  36504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM           1971867488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                420000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten               1034816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys            1972287488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys            1168128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                13125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                4157                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           38                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0         7559918                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1         7612623                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2         7749977                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3         7834034                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4         7629280                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5         8048968                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6         7742265                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7         7443794                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0           20002                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1            3961                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2            3951                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            3905                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             160                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             159                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                5028268226000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5            61633984                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              36504                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0               7167973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1               7205795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2               7250205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3               7271805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4               7292583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5               7315352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6               7359440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7               7406945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                519104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                483408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10               441239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11               420713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12               400902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13               379092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14               336632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15               290976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                15274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                13037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                10819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                 9758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                 8807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                 7864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                 6251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                 4410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                  523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                  329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                  286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                  268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                  248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                  230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                  207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                  195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                  143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                 1187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                 1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                 1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                 1207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                 1214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                 1230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                 1243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                 1316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                 1397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                 1408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                 1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                 1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                 1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                 1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                 1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                 1410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                 1410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                 1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                 1400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                 1396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                 1389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                 1374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                 1363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                 1297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples      7726994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.325979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.752706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.749240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8643      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7253      0.09%      0.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4284      0.06%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159          511      0.01%      0.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4280      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7242      0.09%      0.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7948      0.10%      0.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7686833     99.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total      7726994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean 43609.570718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  5875.157119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 57856.512340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095          893     63.47%     63.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            5      0.36%     63.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            2      0.14%     63.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            3      0.21%     64.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.14%     64.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            2      0.14%     64.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.07%     64.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::49152-53247            1      0.07%     64.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::53248-57343            1      0.07%     64.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            1      0.07%     64.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            2      0.14%     64.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::65536-69631            2      0.14%     65.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            3      0.21%     65.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            4      0.28%     65.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            7      0.50%     66.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            7      0.50%     66.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111           11      0.78%     67.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::90112-94207           12      0.85%     68.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            9      0.64%     68.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::98304-102399           19      1.35%     70.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::102400-106495           22      1.56%     71.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591           30      2.13%     73.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687           40      2.84%     76.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783           47      3.34%     80.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879           37      2.63%     82.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975           54      3.84%     86.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071           36      2.56%     89.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::131072-135167           49      3.48%     92.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::135168-139263           35      2.49%     95.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::139264-143359           23      1.63%     96.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::143360-147455           26      1.85%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::147456-151551           20      1.42%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::204800-208895            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total         1407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.983653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.797919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.692203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16            110      7.82%      7.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17             46      3.27%     11.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::18             33      2.35%     13.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19             18      1.28%     14.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::20             11      0.78%     15.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::21             12      0.85%     16.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::22             19      1.35%     17.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23             56      3.98%     21.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            877     62.33%     84.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::25            223     15.85%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::27              1      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total         1407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat               1663976246150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat          2708449806200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat             197186748800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   27003.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              43953.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                     392.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                  392.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       3.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   3.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits               53899290                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 26913                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                   652275.46                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4355893670950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT  563089628650                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0            3693973248                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          3753250905.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2            3778872048                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          3668485161.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0            2491966080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1            2531954976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2            2549239080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3            2474771736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         24287166758.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         24707373849.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         24882477235.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3          24155659008                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        25563340.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        12292715.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        7126963.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        6924165.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      61056028690.560005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      61239620911.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      61424972271.360001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      60671085528.959999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      1641189485088.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      1641028439280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      1640865850368.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      1641527154528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        1853106297384.960205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        1853635046817.599854                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        1853870652144.960449                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        1852866194306.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          65.606460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          65.625180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          65.633521                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          65.597960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        98816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    326799872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       129280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    329307648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       107776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    336234496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst       127232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    338431744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       155648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    318466816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       133376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    327431936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total       1977447424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        98816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       129280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       107776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       127232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       155648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       133376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total       771584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       394496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        394496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1276562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1286358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1313416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1321999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1244011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1279031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total           7724404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         1541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             1541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        19652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64992518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        25711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65491254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        21434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     66868835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        25303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     67305814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        30955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63335277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        26525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     65118220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         2036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total           393266028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        21434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        25303                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        30955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        26525                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         2036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         153449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks         78456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total              78456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks         78456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        19652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64992518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        25711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65491254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        21434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     66868835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        25303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     67305814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        30955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63335277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        26525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     65118220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         2036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total          393344484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                   7724404                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     1541                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                61795232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  12328                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM           1976570560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                876864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                173856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys            1977447424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             394496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                27402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                6887                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0         7396235                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1         7959212                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2         7695882                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3         7858180                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4         7620009                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5         7576162                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6         7797935                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7         7864215                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             939                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             113                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2            1757                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             687                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             176                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             644                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             997                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                5028283789000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5            61795232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              12328                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0               7184493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1               7222675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2               7267529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3               7289423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4               7310213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5               7332967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6               7376887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7               7425960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                522079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                485548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10               443119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11               422212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12               402308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13               380388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14               338078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15               290804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                14744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                12628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                10205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                 9200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                 8333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                 7382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                 5799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                 4017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                  202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                  157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                  122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                  106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                   36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                   65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples      7741056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.358496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.828605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.423993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7546      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7171      0.09%      0.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4478      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159          496      0.01%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4584      0.06%      0.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7137      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6937      0.09%      0.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7702707     99.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total      7741056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean 267496.787879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 32515.050275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 489167.383788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           97     41.99%     41.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071           51     22.08%     64.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607           25     10.82%     74.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143            4      1.73%     76.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679            3      1.30%     77.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215            8      3.46%     81.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            2      0.87%     82.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            3      1.30%     83.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            5      2.16%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::589824-655359            2      0.87%     86.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            4      1.73%     88.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            2      0.87%     89.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            1      0.43%     89.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            4      1.73%     91.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            2      0.87%     92.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            2      0.87%     93.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            1      0.43%     93.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            1      0.43%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            2      0.87%     94.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.37626e+06-1.44179e+06            2      0.87%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.6384e+06            1      0.43%     96.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.6384e+06-1.70394e+06            2      0.87%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            1      0.43%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.90054e+06            1      0.43%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1.90054e+06-1.96608e+06            1      0.43%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            1      0.43%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.29376e+06-2.3593e+06            1      0.43%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.75251e+06-2.81805e+06            1      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2.94912e+06-3.01466e+06            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.519481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.396180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.198480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16             11      4.76%      4.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              3      1.30%      6.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18              4      1.73%      7.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.43%      8.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.87%      9.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              5      2.16%     11.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.87%     12.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              3      1.30%     13.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            143     61.90%     75.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::25             57     24.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat               1666699021000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat          2713663739500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat             197657056000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   26983.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              43933.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                     393.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                  393.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       3.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   3.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    29.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits               54027669                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  4538                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                   650830.91                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4356206236850                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT  562778056750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          3705971875.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          3735460108.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          3649842201.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          3789828604.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0            2500060392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1            2519953248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2            2462195136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3            2556630408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         24401205004.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         24594491251.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         24030697267.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         24951559526.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        8347069.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        8069207.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        7434685.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        8555258.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      60910321861.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      61133621869.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      60541419648.959999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      61527456921.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      1641317298096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      1641121420896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      1641640896528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3      1640775951552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        1853205318478.079834                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        1853475130759.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        1852694599646.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        1853972096450.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          65.609966                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          65.619518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          65.591884                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          65.637112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        92160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    325498368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       101376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    327699968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        38144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    334900992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        82944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    336398592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       104704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    316994304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       116992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    326142208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total       1968190464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        92160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       101376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        38144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        82944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       104704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       116992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total       548096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       353536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        353536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1271478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1280078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1308207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1314057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1238259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1273993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu6.data           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total           7688244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         1381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             1381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        18328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64733681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        20161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65171525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         7586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     66603633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        16496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66901469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        20823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63042430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        23267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64861725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         1273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total           391425045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18328                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        16496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        20823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        23267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         109003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks         70310                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total              70310                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks         70310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        18328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64733681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        20161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65171525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         7586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     66603633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        16496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66901469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        20823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63042430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        23267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64861725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         1273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total          391495354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                   7688244                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     1381                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                61505952                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                  11048                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM           1967434208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                756256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                147328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys            1968190464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             353536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                23633                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                6452                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           33                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0         7672028                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1         7658069                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2         7507131                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3         7667502                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4         7575339                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5         7865195                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6         7773038                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7         7764017                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             440                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1            1254                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2            1098                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             476                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             136                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             439                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             184                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             577                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                5028266998000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5            61505952                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5              11048                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0               7153842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1               7191436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2               7236329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3               7258162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4               7278698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5               7301028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6               7344092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7               7392158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                517216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                481036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10               438496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11               417678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12               398078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13               376695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14               335232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15               289024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                14710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                12578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                10266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                 9261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                 8333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                 7405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                 5822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                 3978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                  186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                  143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                   47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                   36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                   58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples      7704954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.365773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.839684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.379218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7453      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7188      0.09%      0.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4288      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159          530      0.01%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4290      0.06%      0.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7189      0.09%      0.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6602      0.09%      0.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7667414     99.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total      7704954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean 318016.994819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 79309.997002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 446126.915533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-65535           48     24.87%     24.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::65536-131071           45     23.32%     48.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::131072-196607           20     10.36%     58.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::196608-262143           12      6.22%     64.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::262144-327679           11      5.70%     70.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::327680-393215           10      5.18%     75.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::393216-458751            7      3.63%     79.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::458752-524287            6      3.11%     82.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::524288-589823            6      3.11%     85.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::655360-720895            2      1.04%     86.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::720896-786431            3      1.55%     88.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::786432-851967            2      1.04%     89.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::851968-917503            3      1.55%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            2      1.04%     91.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            3      1.55%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06            2      1.04%     94.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            1      0.52%     94.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.50733e+06            3      1.55%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.50733e+06-1.57286e+06            2      1.04%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.6384e+06            1      0.52%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            2      1.04%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.5559e+06            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.68698e+06            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.854922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.764261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.867956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              8      4.15%      4.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      1.04%      5.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.52%      5.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.52%      6.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            127     65.80%     72.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::25             54     27.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat               1658609673650                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat          2700734980700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat             196743420800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   26977.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              43927.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                     391.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                  391.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    29.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits               53778116                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  3853                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                   653902.76                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4358768260800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT  560213810800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          3726268358.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          3686046134.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          3731031158.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3            3754416960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0            2513752464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1            2486618424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2            2516965464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3            2532741600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         24531944486.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         24269765145.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         24564480345.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         24719411059.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        8506321.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        7926543.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        7246402.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        7691811.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      61055007287.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      60789752524.799995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      61094609902.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      61281022939.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      1641190381056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      1641423060672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      1641155641920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      1640992121712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        1853387974152.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        1853025283623.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        1853432089371.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        1853649520261.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          65.616432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          65.603592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          65.617994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          65.625692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst       239872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    327604736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst       116224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    329616384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst       545792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    337075712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        94464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    338830336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst       110848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    319416832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst       132096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    328261376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total       1982066944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       239872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       116224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       545792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        94464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       110848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst       132096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total      1258240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       397568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        397568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1279706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1287564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst         2132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1316702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst          369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1323556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1247722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst          516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1282271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total           7742449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         1553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             1553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        47705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     65152586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        23114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65552654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       108545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     67036132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        18787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     67385084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst        22045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     63524212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        26271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     65283176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total           394184738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        47705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       108545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        18787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        22045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        26271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1935                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         250233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks         79067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total              79067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks         79067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        47705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     65152586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        23114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65552654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       108545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     67036132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        18787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     67385084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst        22045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     63524212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        26271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     65283176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total          394263804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                   7742449                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     1553                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                61939592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  12424                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM           1980989248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ               1077696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                157984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys            1982066944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             397568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                33678                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                7479                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0         7737322                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1         7843389                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2         7838347                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3         7507599                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4         7726861                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5         7789854                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6         7810911                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7         7651631                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             571                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             144                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2            1643                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3              64                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             770                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             152                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6            1473                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             120                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                5028286015000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5            61939592                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              12424                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0               7200043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1               7237378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2               7281883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3               7303651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4               7324304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5               7347130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6               7391670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7               7440401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                523958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                487728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10               445535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11               424816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12               405129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13               383228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14               340346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15               293457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                14922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                12832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                10569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                 9536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                 8582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                 7678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                 6038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                 4216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                  213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                  171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                  125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                   97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                   35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                   66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples      7758465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.352990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.808433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.516117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63         8040      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7098      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4329      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159          568      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4330      0.06%      0.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7098      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255         6898      0.09%      0.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7720104     99.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total      7758465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean 295090.937500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 32391.013625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 758919.686857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-131071          126     60.58%     60.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::131072-262143           42     20.19%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::262144-393215            9      4.33%     85.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::393216-524287            2      0.96%     86.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::524288-655359            4      1.92%     87.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::655360-786431            4      1.92%     89.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::786432-917503            5      2.40%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::917504-1.04858e+06            1      0.48%     92.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.17965e+06-1.31072e+06            2      0.96%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.31072e+06-1.44179e+06            2      0.96%     94.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.44179e+06-1.57286e+06            2      0.96%     95.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.70394e+06            1      0.48%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.83501e+06            3      1.44%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.3593e+06            1      0.48%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            1      0.48%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.01466e+06-3.14573e+06            1      0.48%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3.80109e+06-3.93216e+06            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::8.12646e+06-8.25754e+06            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.735577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.638225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.961534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              7      3.37%      3.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      0.96%      4.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.96%      5.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.96%      6.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::20              3      1.44%      7.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.44%      9.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.48%      9.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.96%     10.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            124     59.62%     70.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::25             62     29.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat               1670714697400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat          2720019939700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat             198098924800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   26987.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              43937.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                     393.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                  394.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       3.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   3.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    28.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits               54148263                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  4123                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                   649313.63                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4355038025450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT  563948033150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          3779137555.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1            3715818624                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          3765166070.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          3730203187.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0            2549418192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1            2506703040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2            2539992984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3            2516406912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         24881527257.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         24466929177.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         24789105868.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3          24555370944                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        8017367.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        7909539.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        7994972.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        8599219.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      61422829819.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      60993268680.959999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      61346089834.560005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      61126359102.720009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      1640867729712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      1641244537728.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      1640935045488.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      1641127791744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        1853870774082.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        1853297280969.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        1853745509397.120361                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        1853426845288.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          65.633525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          65.613221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          65.629090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          65.617809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        26112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data    325447680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data    327690496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data    334824704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data    336640512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data    316660480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data    325825024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total       1967250944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        26112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst        29440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        23808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total       149248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       814592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        814592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data      1271280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data      1280041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data      1307909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data      1315002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu4.data      1236955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data      1272754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total           7684574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         3182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             3182                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     64723600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         4989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     65169642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         3207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     66588461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst         2698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     66949581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         5855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     62976041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     64798645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total           391238197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         3207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         5855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          29682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        162002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             162002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        162002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     64723600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         4989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     65169642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         3207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     66588461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst         2698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     66949581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.dtb.walker          407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         5855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     62976041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.dtb.walker          509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     64798645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total          391400200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                   7684574                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     3182                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                61476592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  25456                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM           1966852672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                398272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                631968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys            1967250944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             814592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                12446                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                5692                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           22                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0         7503872                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1         7586824                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2         7886698                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3         7661200                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4         7588872                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5         7774880                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6         7676760                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7         7785040                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             392                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             200                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2           18253                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             584                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             104                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5              80                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6              72                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7              64                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                5028278206000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5            61476592                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              25456                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0               7151979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1               7189830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2               7234768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3               7256340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4               7276776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5               7299791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6               7342549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7               7390290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                516513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                480573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10               437927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11               417401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12               397874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13               375736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14               334533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15               288548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                14623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                12388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                10124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                 9100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                 8222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                 7348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                 5816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                 4083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                  236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                  191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                  143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                  123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                   88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                   65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                   46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                  358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples      7705207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.344813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   254.795802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    10.568089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63         7973      0.10%      0.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95         7273      0.09%      0.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4324      0.06%      0.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159          489      0.01%      0.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191         4331      0.06%      0.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223         7231      0.09%      0.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255         7281      0.09%      0.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287      7666305     99.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total      7705207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          870                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean 70555.231034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 19336.595377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 61359.330523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191          352     40.46%     40.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            4      0.46%     40.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            3      0.34%     41.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            3      0.34%     41.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32768-40959            6      0.69%     42.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            4      0.46%     42.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::49152-57343            7      0.80%     43.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            5      0.57%     44.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::65536-73727            6      0.69%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::73728-81919            9      1.03%     45.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::81920-90111           14      1.61%     47.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::90112-98303           26      2.99%     50.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::98304-106495           34      3.91%     54.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::106496-114687           61      7.01%     61.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::114688-122879           83      9.54%     70.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::122880-131071           93     10.69%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263           80      9.20%     90.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::139264-147455           55      6.32%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::147456-155647           23      2.64%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::180224-188415            1      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::434176-442367            1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          870                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          870                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.700000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.435178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.216167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16            121     13.91%     13.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17             22      2.53%     16.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18             29      3.33%     19.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              4      0.46%     20.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::20              8      0.92%     21.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21              7      0.80%     21.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.23%     22.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23             26      2.99%     25.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            383     44.02%     69.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::25            268     30.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          870                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat               1658932836900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat          2700750111600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat             196685267200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   26990.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              43940.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                     391.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                  391.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits               53762200                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                 16488                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                   654063.19                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4357898848700                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF  109284926400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT  561085985900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          3660483052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          3768524524.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          3718099324.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          3731611766.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0            2469373488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1            2542258608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2            2508241608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3            2517357144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         24103464652.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         24796404172.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         24480919756.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3          24571460160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        7375380.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        16874127.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        6701875.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        6894305.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      120362114179.199997                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      60591951325.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      61450676170.560005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      61000565866.560005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3       61114012848                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      1641596570496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      1640843303088.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      1641238136688.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      1641138621792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        1852791332574.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        1853780154870.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        1853314779298.560303                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        1853442072194.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          65.595309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          65.630317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          65.613841                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          65.618348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           123217385                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          123217385                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               3017                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              3017                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             76275                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4185                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            377                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1300                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17007                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            16787                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        22992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    246533743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    246556735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_count::total              246556735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        45984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave  31565303553                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total  31565349537                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_size::total             31565349537                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  61608692500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 2032955412500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3017000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1508500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1258537500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2092500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       188500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       650000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8548908                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    276985500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq      1055064                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     41133136                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1926                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           44                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         1727                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           72                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         7755                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         3959                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    212615816                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 299273400457                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       208984                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       355793                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       602500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     36236500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.failedReq                       1066481                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.failedResp                     41137211                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.pimReqForwardingFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.pimRespForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime           212971609                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime       299310448441                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.snoops                             3482                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         123306749                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1               123306749    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           123306749                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded               11496                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy         62872034500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           123303268                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       2033234556500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization             40.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          123238489                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          123208905                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         123208905                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            76275                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1254                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            46                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1300                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            16787                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           16787                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3892312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3871948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3829522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3843304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3826154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3864105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3836511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3909131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3852081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3880584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3839210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3842082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3847630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3889798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3806682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3801462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total     61632516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3883788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3870713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3831655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3845717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3828133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3863143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3838583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3909270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3857752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3885246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3837996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3843463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3845760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3889974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3803472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3797987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total     61632654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3894260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3871844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3827573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3840370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3823599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3861690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3841190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3907759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3854690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3883707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3840119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3843663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3841680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3890491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3803136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3806857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total     61632628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      3892521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      3871956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      3832909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      3840759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      3825917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      3861435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      3840538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      3902685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      3848612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      3886049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      3842166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      3843166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      3842865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      3893248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      3802400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      3805237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total     61632463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             246530261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    498528000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    495657984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    490287616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    492056320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    489799424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    494654976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    491289344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    500573696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    493214720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    496941312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    491630848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    491885312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    492539136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    498128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    487452160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    486690304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total   7891329792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    497428480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    495499008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    490563840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    492364288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    490054656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    494534144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    491551488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    500585472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    493934848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    497535232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    491472640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    492064512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    492299520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    498152704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    487042048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    486244608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total   7891327489                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    498777344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    495646976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    490040064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    491673344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    489471488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    494341120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    491893760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    500407040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    493545984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    497343232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    491742720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    492088064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    491775488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    498205696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    486990592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    487378432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total   7891321344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port    498553344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port    495660544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port    490730752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port    491722496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port    489768960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port    494311680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port    491811840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port    499755776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port    492760064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port    497655296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port    491991040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port    492027648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port    491929856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port    498565120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port    486909696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port    487170816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total   7891324928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total            31565303553                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 172412429800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1217451518047                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    716949000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1754400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        64000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1821100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19732200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    161822996                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       200093                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        84792                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           90                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         9424                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          266                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    118470200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    480010350                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        36000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     10783600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1194300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.failedReq                       209611                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.failedResp                       85058                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimReqForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimRespForwardingFail                0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime          129291400                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime         481204650                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy        10973056200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded            7786287                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy        10849152600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded            7744007                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy        10751014600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded            7662589                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy        10784021800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded            7686787                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy        10725502600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded            7652909                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy        10824073400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded            7725957                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy        10805261800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded            7681859                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy        10999058600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded            7818133                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy        10823209800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded            7708849                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy        10934473800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            7771553                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy       10807212000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded           7683256                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy       10783316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded           7687778                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy       10771744400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded           7689658                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy       10950784000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded           7785362                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy       10698246600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded           7610917                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy       10670801200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded           7607366                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      304403152860                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          30806699                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      304405342201                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          30806837                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      304404434336                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          30806811                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      304402234246                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          30806646                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    123208905                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    123208905                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        76275                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1254                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           46                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1300                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        16787                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16787                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     61632516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     61632654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     61632628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     61632463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    246530261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave   7891329792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave   7891327489                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave   7891321344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave   7891324928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total  31565303553                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  98567124000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 492835620000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    305100000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1003200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        36800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1040000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     13429600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     67148000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      7338337                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           22                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp         1194                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  21200634300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        39500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3444500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.failedResp               7339553                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimReqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimRespForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime  21204118300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  24721831200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     30825817                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  24721389700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     30825817                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  24721472800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     30825817                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  24722000800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     30825817                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 492903808800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          9.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    123226993                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          516411544                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         516411542                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            2                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              3017                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             3017                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            78956                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5895                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1172                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7067                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           12                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           12                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            33185                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           33185                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        57854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62212856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    108320228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        57298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62649997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    109084382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     63968037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    111353308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     63202359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    110041604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     61408335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    106914556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        57538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     63260745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    110150717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total            1032935337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7405312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   7963145336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    216640456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7334144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   8019057288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    218168764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9929472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   8188132960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    222706616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7165696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   8089695376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    220083208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7250176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   7860243076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    213829112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7364864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   8097101772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side    220301268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       224768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        79896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            49576176205                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 259914299373                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 6470005017083                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3017000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      1508500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2566154826                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2947999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       586000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1911970                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         6000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     17939795                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    557701442                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     11812367                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      3985131                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1442                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback        17126                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          746                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           63                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1006                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq        10365                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           68                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   9252717964                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  41461157742                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      2911500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback    381856446                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3739000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       820000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     17052989                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         2500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     34478406                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       973500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.failedReq                     11843481                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.failedResp                     3986205                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimReqForwardingFail                 0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimRespForwardingFail                0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         9676525816                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime       41479184231                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoops                           53269                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        516522284                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47             516522284    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          516522284                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       262505030493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          516533781                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         947472849                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             28927                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      1013183174263                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            20.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          31104223                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy       54690924707                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded          54160114                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         938143106                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             28649                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy      1020293849605                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            20.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          31323043                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy       55075949885                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded          54542191                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy       1263282280                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            38787                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy     1041666847024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           20.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded         31980001                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy      56215650768                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded         55676654                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        917202405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            27991                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy     1029192509639                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded         31599734                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy      55555796219                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded         55020802                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy        927839504                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded            28321                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy     1000247611371                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization           19.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded         30702263                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy      53987938631                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded         53457278                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy        941868318                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded            28769                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy     1030451039385                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization           20.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded         31628978                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy            23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy      55614282996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded         55075400                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         28545949                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              878                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy         10287997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded              346                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy             1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         27955480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              860                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         12903497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              577                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       502826    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       502826    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       502826    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       502826    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples       502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0           502826    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total       502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0          502826    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total       502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.replacements                 123226302                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8191.867740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.total_refs                    37274148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 123226302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.302485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       33.380536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.075557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst     0.478951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  1326.147383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.073135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst     0.588919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  1340.687607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.080298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.882978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1450.282042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.078711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst     0.444126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data  1395.984267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.072697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.000307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     0.451484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data  1292.376448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.075057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst     0.691315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data  1347.675153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst     0.035192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     0.005768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.004558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst     0.143421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data     1.150796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.161883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.163658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.177036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.170408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.157761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.164511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          519                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4650                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996338                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4254998374                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4254998374                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     54156620                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         7094                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      6134155                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     54538709                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         6565                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      6244680                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     55673085                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst        19904                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      6299577                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     55017227                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         6776                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      6165882                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     53453798                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst         6354                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      6059358                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     55071833                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst         6713                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      6220104                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          112                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          105                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               365089393                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            78956                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp6.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 78956                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          277                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          414                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          516                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           59                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          357                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 1756                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          543                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                795                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   319                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     54156620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          7094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       6134195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     54538709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          6565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       6244727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     55673085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst         19904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       6299602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     55017227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          6776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       6165892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     53453798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          6354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data       6059485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     55071833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          6713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data       6220159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::total                365089712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     54156620                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         7094                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      6134195                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     54538709                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         6565                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      6244727                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     55673085                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst        19904                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      6299602                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     55017227                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         6776                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      6165892                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     53453798                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst         6354                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data      6059485                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     55071833                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst         6713                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data      6220159                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          367                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          123                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          350                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          109                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::total               365089712                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3494                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21833                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     24956409                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3482                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        22084                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     25064458                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3569                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        18883                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data     25665876                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3575                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        21215                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data     25419625                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3480                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        21967                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data     24628917                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3484                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22056                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data     25394060                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          511                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             151279709                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          402                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          172                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          169                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               1208                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         3227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         2754                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         2717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         2717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               16833                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     24959086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        22084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     25067169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        18883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data     25669103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        21215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data     25422379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        21967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data     24631634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data     25396777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::total              151296542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3494                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        21833                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     24959086                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3482                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        22084                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     25067169                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3569                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        18883                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data     25669103                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3575                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        21215                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data     25422379                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         3480                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        21967                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data     24631634                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         3484                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22056                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data     25396777                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          511                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           88                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          510                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          149                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::total             151296542                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    425294495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2496288500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3216396366987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    425914488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2608423500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3230027387990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    431632987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2201181500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3305980961477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    437131992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   2484609500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3275576487991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    426054982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       629000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2554767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 3173911519482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    427217491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       666500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2598705000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 3271253462495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     65573500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     10332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       389500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     65849500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     14684500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    19490821656857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       713000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        80500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3388500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       500500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4752000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        66000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      9500500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    513319000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    497834998                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    428685500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    471461491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    474841963                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    502536992                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       571500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2960000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2892211444                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    425294495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2496288500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3216909685987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    425914488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2608423500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3230525222988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    431632987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2201181500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3306409646977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    437131992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   2484609500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3276047949482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    426054982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       629000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2554767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 3174386361445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    427217491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       666500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2598705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 3271755999487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     65573500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     10903500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       389500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     65849500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     17644500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     19493713868301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    425294495                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2496288500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3216909685987                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    425914488                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2608423500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3230525222988                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    431632987                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2201181500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3306409646977                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    437131992                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   2484609500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3276047949482                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    426054982                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       629000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2554767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 3174386361445                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    427217491                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       666500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2598705000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 3271755999487                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     65573500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     10903500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       389500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     65849500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     17644500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    19493713868301                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     54160114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        28927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     31090564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     54542191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        28649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     31309138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     55676654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        38787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     31965453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     55020802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        27991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     31585507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     53457278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        28321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data     30688275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     55075317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        28769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data     31614164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           516369102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        78956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             78956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          679                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          586                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          685                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           85                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          534                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             2964                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          543                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            841                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3252                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2764                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             17152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     54160114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        28927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     31093281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     54542191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        28649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     31311896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     55676654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        38787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     31968705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     55020802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        27991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     31588271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     53457278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        28321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data     30691119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     55075317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        28769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data     31616936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::total            516386254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     54160114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        28927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     31093281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     54542191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        28649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     31311896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     55676654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        38787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     31968705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     55020802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        27991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     31588271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     53457278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        28321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data     30691119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     55075317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        28769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data     31616936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::total           516386254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.754762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.802700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.770847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.486838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.802925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.757922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.804788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.775644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.802551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.766659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.803249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.582005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.539474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.292968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.592047                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.293515                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.246715                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.537313                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.305882                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.331461                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.954955                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.407557                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.163934                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.184615                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.118644                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.113208                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.134615                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.054697                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.985278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.982959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.992312                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.996382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.955345                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.980159                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.266667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.866667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.981402                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.754762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.802716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.770847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.486838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.802945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.757922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.804804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.775644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.802566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.766659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.803265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.582005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.417062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.577519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.292991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.754762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.802716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.770847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.486838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.802945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.757922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.804804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.775644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.802566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.217391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.766659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.803265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.582005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.417062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.577519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.292991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121721.378077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 114335.570009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 128880.576007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122318.922458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118113.724869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128868.830437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 120939.475203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116569.480485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 128808.421013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 122274.683077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 117115.696441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128860.142036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 122429.592529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       125800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 116300.223062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 128869.309174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 122622.701206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       133300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 117823.041349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128819.631933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 128323.874755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       123000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 129833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129116.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 119386.178862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128839.629490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  1773.631841                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   468.023256                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 23531.250000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        19250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 26847.457627                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data   622.641509                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7864.652318                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5458.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2836.956522                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 191751.587598                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 183635.189229                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 132843.352959                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 171191.536311                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 174767.008833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 184960.247332                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       142875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113846.153846                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171817.943563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121721.378077                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 114335.570009                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 128887.319271                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122318.922458                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118113.724869                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128874.753387                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 120939.475203                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116569.480485                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 128808.928266                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 122274.683077                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 117115.696441                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128864.727785                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 122429.592529                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       125800                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 116300.223062                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 128874.371933                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 122622.701206                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       133300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 117823.041349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128825.637973                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 128323.874755                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 123903.409091                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 129833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129116.666667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 118419.463087                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128844.411185                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121721.378077                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 114335.570009                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 128887.319271                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122318.922458                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 118113.724869                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128874.753387                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 120939.475203                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116569.480485                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 128808.928266                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 122274.683077                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 117115.696441                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 128864.727785                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 122429.592529                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       125800                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 116300.223062                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 128874.371933                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 122622.701206                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       133300                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 117823.041349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 128825.637973                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 128323.874755                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 123903.409091                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 129833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 129116.666667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 118419.463087                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128844.411185                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                76275                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.l2.writebacks::total                     76275                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst        14670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      4584221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        14077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      4553222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst         4961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      4712348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst        14957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      4356105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst        14776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data      4782684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst        13700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data      4991315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28070799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst        14670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      4584221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        14077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      4553222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst         4961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      4712348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst        14957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      4356105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst        14776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data      4782684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst        13700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data      4991315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total            28070799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst        14670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data      4584221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst        14077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data      4553222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst         4961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data      4712348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst        14957                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data      4356105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         2251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.inst        14776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data      4782684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         2283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.inst        13700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data      4991315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total           28070799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         7163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     20372188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         8007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     20511236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        13922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     20953528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         6258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     21063520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         7191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     19846233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         8356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     20402745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        123208910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          401                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          172                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          169                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          106                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          1203                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2677                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2754                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         2717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         2717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         7163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     20374865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         8007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     20513947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        13922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     20956755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         6258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     21066274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         7191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     19848950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         8356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     20405462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         123225743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         7163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     20374865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         8007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     20513947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        13922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     20956755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         6258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     21066274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker         1229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         7191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     19848950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker         1201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst         8356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     20405462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        123225743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    145433495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    838896500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2413575818490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    146054488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    936388500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2429670069992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    138094487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1621846500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2480162229479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    149320992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    730747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2494023737493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    146003982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    841394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2351500867485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    142254991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       611500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    975750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2416435249996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     59090500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      9408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       356500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     60239500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     13331500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 14592323882870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     21897500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9528500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9216000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7902500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1239000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9614500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       665500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5870500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65934000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       577000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       700500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       387000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       367000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       380000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       176500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2642500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    483872000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    468013998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    393188500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    441167491                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    444954963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    472649992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       527500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2674000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2707048444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    145433495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    838896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2414059690490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    146054488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    936388500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2430138083990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    138094487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1621846500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2480555417979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    149320992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    730747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2494464904984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    146003982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    841394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2351945822448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    142254991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    975750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2416907899988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     59090500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      9935500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       356500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     60239500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16005500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 14595030931314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker    145433495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    838896500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 2414059690490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker    146054488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    936388500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 2430138083990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker    138094487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   1621846500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 2480555417979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker    149320992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    730747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 2494464904984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker    146003982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    841394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 2351945822448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker    142254991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    975750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 2416907899988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     59090500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      9935500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       356500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     60239500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16005500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 14595030931314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     29466999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     29546499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     31066498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     30847500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     29734999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     29638500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        99000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    180655995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     10031000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     10126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     10179500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     10095500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data      9892000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     10158000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        40000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     60676000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     39497999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     39672499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     41245998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     40943000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     39626999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     39796500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       139000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       410000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    241331995                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.247623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.655253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.279486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.655120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.358935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.655505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.223572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.666873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.253911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.646704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.290452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.645367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.569476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.539474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.238606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.590574                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.293515                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.246715                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.537313                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.258824                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.331461                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.954955                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405870                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.163934                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.184615                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.118644                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.113208                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.134615                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054697                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.985278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.982959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.992312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.996382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.955345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.980159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.866667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.247623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.655282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.279486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.655149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.358935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.655540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.223572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.666902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.253911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.646733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.290452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.645397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.569476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.417062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.577519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.238631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.247623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.655282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.279486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.655149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.358935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.655540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.223572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.666902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.253911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.646733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.217391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.290452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.645397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.569476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.417062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.593023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.577519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.238631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 118527.705786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117115.245009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118474.059757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117501.599356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 116946.234545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118455.566012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 118029.476068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116495.223387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118364.899194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 118320.912837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 116770.054330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118404.888523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 118799.008950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       114800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 117006.535948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 118486.005253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 118447.119900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       122300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116772.379129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 118436.771620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst       118181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       112000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 118833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118116.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 108386.178862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118435.621928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54607.231920                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 55398.255814                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54532.544379                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54878.472222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 56318.181818                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54319.209040                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 55458.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 55382.075472                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54807.980050                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        57700                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        58375                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 55285.714286                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 61166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54285.714286                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 58833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57445.652174                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 180751.587598                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 172635.189229                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 121843.352959                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 160191.536311                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 163767.008833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 173960.247332                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       131875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 102846.153846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160817.943563                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 118527.705786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117115.245009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118482.242238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117501.599356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 116946.234545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118462.726066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 118029.476068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116495.223387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118365.434819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 118320.912837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 116770.054330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118410.351303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 118799.008950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       114800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 117006.535948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 118492.203489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 118447.119900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       122300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116772.379129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 118444.164606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst       118181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 112903.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 118833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118116.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 107419.463087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118441.411478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 118527.705786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 117115.245009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118482.242238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117501.599356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 116946.234545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118462.726066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 118029.476068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 116495.223387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118365.434819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 118320.912837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 116770.054330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118410.351303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.dtb.walker 118799.008950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.itb.walker       114800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 117006.535948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 118492.203489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.dtb.walker 118447.119900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.itb.walker       122300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 116772.379129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 118444.164606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst       118181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 112903.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker 118833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 118116.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 107419.463087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118441.411478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                    1066481                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     30806389                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     30806389    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      30806389                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19118                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19118    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19118                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     1568421375.187441                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    323429979.197017                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           24      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08         5990      1.19%      1.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           59      0.01%      1.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2325      0.46%      1.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08         2244      0.45%      2.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08         1951      0.39%      2.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09        35365      7.03%      9.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09         3014      0.60%     10.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09        84782     16.86%     27.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09        30694      6.10%     33.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09        38424      7.64%     40.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09       167847     33.38%     74.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09        14234      2.83%     76.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09       109700     21.82%     98.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09         6134      1.22%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        1568419549.337256      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                7886435584                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    973340.280733                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   7034904.319684                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       490485     97.55%     97.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         7776      1.55%     99.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         2978      0.59%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1112      0.22%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          349      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          104      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           20      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       973338.515729      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                4894208                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        30806389                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       97166.491714                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      96645.244640                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      12460.656584                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-65535         6286      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     28705140     93.18%     93.20% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-131071      1352026      4.39%     97.59% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       446127      1.45%     99.04% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       193927      0.63%     99.67% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        68294      0.22%     99.89% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-262143        27717      0.09%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-294911         4250      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-327679         1838      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-360447          221      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::360448-393215          274      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-425983          150      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::425984-458751           82      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-491519           26      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::491520-524287           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-557055           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          30806389                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            30806389                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           163221.631299                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          61698.237592                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                 1322      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000              100      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000             160      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000            2597      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2818      0.01%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4612      0.01%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000           23393      0.08%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000           22582      0.07%      0.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000           25500      0.08%      0.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000           86448      0.28%      0.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000          108972      0.35%      0.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000           84604      0.27%      1.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000          128419      0.42%      1.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000          274081      0.89%      2.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000          185300      0.60%      3.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000          218416      0.71%      3.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000          372290      1.21%      5.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000          486867      1.58%      6.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000          341590      1.11%      7.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000         561905      1.82%      9.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows          27874413     90.48%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         103403000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              30806389                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             19118                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         263082761.324406                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1423217293.201870                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             1      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             3      0.02%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             3      0.02%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             5      0.03%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             7      0.04%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             4      0.02%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            11      0.06%      0.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            15      0.08%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            10      0.05%      0.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           14      0.07%      0.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19043     99.61%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           22000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9879918000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               19118                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              30825507                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             163120.401134                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            61565.371836                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                   1322      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                100      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000               161      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2599      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000              2844      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000              4629      0.02%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000             23421      0.08%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             22720      0.07%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             25569      0.08%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000             86541      0.28%      0.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000            109337      0.35%      0.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000             84820      0.28%      1.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000            128628      0.42%      1.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000            274260      0.89%      2.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000            186996      0.61%      3.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000            218855      0.71%      3.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000            372606      1.21%      5.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000            488421      1.58%      6.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000            342347      1.11%      7.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000           562989      1.83%      9.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows            27886342     90.47%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           103403000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                30825507                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.597624                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.513346                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           208121     41.39%     41.39% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1           288909     57.46%     98.85% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2             5796      1.15%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          502826    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            61.266462                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           12.634094                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                    39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                 6017      1.20%      1.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                 121      0.02%      1.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                4511      0.90%      2.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39               24653      4.90%      7.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47               15698      3.12%     10.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55              113950     22.66%     32.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63               72080     14.33%     47.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71              138936     27.63%     74.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79              126127     25.08%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                 694      0.14%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.038021                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.274801                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 490485     97.55%     97.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   7776      1.55%     99.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                   2978      0.59%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                   1112      0.22%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    349      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                    104      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     20      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     30806518                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     30806518    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      30806518                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        18981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.986566                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.925222                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     1.850890                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        18980     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        18981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     1568427993.779160                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    323449343.159062                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           27      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08         5987      1.19%      1.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           59      0.01%      1.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2346      0.47%      1.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08         2210      0.44%      2.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08         1971      0.39%      2.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09        35345      7.03%      9.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09         3052      0.61%     10.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09        84805     16.87%     27.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09        30651      6.10%     33.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09        38437      7.64%     40.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09       167858     33.38%     74.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09        14213      2.83%     76.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09       109679     21.81%     98.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09         6147      1.22%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        1568426117.004822      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                7886468608                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    966314.391062                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   7003007.823525                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       490617     97.57%     97.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         7582      1.51%     99.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         3072      0.61%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1107      0.22%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          339      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           82      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           22      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       966312.837673      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                4858881                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        30806518                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       97163.446882                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      96642.456518                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      12459.132142                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-65535         6390      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     28707978     93.19%     93.21% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-131071      1349776      4.38%     97.59% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       445866      1.45%     99.04% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       193778      0.63%     99.67% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        68156      0.22%     99.89% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-262143        27611      0.09%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-294911         4266      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-327679         1927      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::327680-360447          208      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::360448-393215          264      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::393216-425983          166      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::425984-458751           76      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::458752-491519           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::491520-524287           21      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::524288-557055           14      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          30806518                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            30806518                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           163220.946327                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          61434.413932                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                 1390      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000               89      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000             178      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000            2658      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2783      0.01%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4517      0.01%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000           23242      0.08%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000           22316      0.07%      0.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000           25358      0.08%      0.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000           86922      0.28%      0.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000          108967      0.35%      0.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000           85150      0.28%      1.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000          127838      0.41%      1.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000          273597      0.89%      2.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000          184565      0.60%      3.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000          217860      0.71%      3.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000          371512      1.21%      5.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000          485845      1.58%      6.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000          341716      1.11%      7.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000         561512      1.82%      9.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows          27878503     90.50%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          98589000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              30806518                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             18981                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         264910653.706338                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1417620926.583417                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             1      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             3      0.02%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             4      0.02%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.01%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             7      0.04%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             7      0.04%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             9      0.05%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            13      0.07%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             6      0.03%      0.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            7      0.04%      0.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           18921     99.68%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           33000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9809602000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               18981                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              30825499                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             163120.445122                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            61301.407793                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                   1390      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 90      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000               179      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2661      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000              2804      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000              4532      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000             23269      0.08%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             22479      0.07%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             25419      0.08%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000             87021      0.28%      0.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000            109338      0.35%      0.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000             85358      0.28%      1.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000            128015      0.42%      1.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000            273733      0.89%      2.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000            186395      0.60%      3.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000            218308      0.71%      3.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000            371832      1.21%      5.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000            487420      1.58%      6.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000            342410      1.11%      7.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000           562513      1.82%      9.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows            27890333     90.48%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            98589000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                30825499                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.597258                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.513802                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           208405     41.45%     41.45% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1           288525     57.38%     98.83% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2             5896      1.17%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          502826    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            61.266719                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           12.634607                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                    39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                 6013      1.20%      1.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                 120      0.02%      1.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                4503      0.90%      2.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39               24735      4.92%      7.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47               15633      3.11%     10.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55              113960     22.66%     32.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63               72082     14.34%     47.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71              138921     27.63%     74.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79              126140     25.09%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                 680      0.14%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.037747                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.273555                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 490617     97.57%     97.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   7582      1.51%     99.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                   3072      0.61%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                   1107      0.22%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    339      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     82      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     22      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     30806468                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     30806468    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      30806468                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19006                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19006    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19006                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     1568425448.166960                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    323431243.247423                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           19      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08         5997      1.19%      1.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           59      0.01%      1.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2323      0.46%      1.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08         2231      0.44%      2.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08         1967      0.39%      2.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09        35361      7.03%      9.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09         3043      0.61%     10.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09        84719     16.85%     27.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09        30735      6.11%     33.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09        38497      7.66%     40.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09       167783     33.37%     74.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09        14142      2.81%     76.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09       109768     21.83%     98.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09         6143      1.22%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        1568423571.397238      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                7886455808                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    967638.109406                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   7013983.268263                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       490610     97.57%     97.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         7577      1.51%     99.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         3090      0.61%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1092      0.22%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          344      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           88      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           20      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       967636.354741      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                4865536                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        30806468                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       97163.907661                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      96643.086849                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      12455.039799                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-65535         6325      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     28707262     93.19%     93.21% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-131071      1350512      4.38%     97.59% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       445665      1.45%     99.04% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       194068      0.63%     99.67% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        68066      0.22%     99.89% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-262143        27582      0.09%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-294911         4348      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-327679         1875      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::327680-360447          218      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::360448-393215          284      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::393216-425983          137      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::425984-458751           80      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::458752-491519           26      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          30806468                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            30806468                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           163221.212214                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          61549.647142                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                 1400      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000               83      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000             195      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000            2518      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2770      0.01%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4535      0.01%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000           23247      0.08%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000           22598      0.07%      0.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000           25394      0.08%      0.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000           86620      0.28%      0.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000          108564      0.35%      0.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000           84800      0.28%      1.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000          128138      0.42%      1.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000          273727      0.89%      2.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000          185347      0.60%      3.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000          217397      0.71%      3.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000          372234      1.21%      5.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000          485978      1.58%      6.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000          341278      1.11%      7.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000         560589      1.82%      9.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows          27879056     90.50%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         100274000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              30806468                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             19006                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         264641959.854783                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1416605795.663413                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             2      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             1      0.01%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             2      0.01%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             3      0.02%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             5      0.03%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             4      0.02%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             6      0.03%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             8      0.04%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            16      0.08%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             8      0.04%      0.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           14      0.07%      0.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           18935     99.63%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           28000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9808743000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               19006                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              30825474                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             163120.575242                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            61418.406024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                   1400      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 83      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000               195      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2518      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000              2794      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000              4553      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000             23276      0.08%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000             22744      0.07%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             25468      0.08%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000             86710      0.28%      0.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000            108961      0.35%      0.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000             85011      0.28%      1.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000            128345      0.42%      1.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000            273907      0.89%      2.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000            187069      0.61%      3.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000            217824      0.71%      3.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000            372562      1.21%      5.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000            487481      1.58%      6.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000            341985      1.11%      7.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000           561636      1.82%      9.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows            27890952     90.48%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           100274000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                30825474                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.597429                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.513483                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           208245     41.41%     41.41% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1           288759     57.43%     98.84% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2             5822      1.16%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          502826    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            61.266619                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           12.634150                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                    39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                 6016      1.20%      1.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                 124      0.02%      1.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                4496      0.89%      2.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39               24783      4.93%      7.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47               15588      3.10%     10.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55              113943     22.66%     32.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63               72089     14.34%     47.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71              138922     27.63%     74.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79              126095     25.08%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                 731      0.15%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.037798                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.273984                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 490610     97.57%     97.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   7577      1.51%     99.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                   3090      0.61%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                   1092      0.22%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                    344      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     88      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     20      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     30806317                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.999999                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271     30806317    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      30806317                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        19171                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        19171    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        19171                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     1568417709.505873                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    323438079.705695                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08           39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08           19      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08         5997      1.19%      1.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08           57      0.01%      1.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2347      0.47%      1.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08         2222      0.44%      2.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08         1964      0.39%      2.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09        35376      7.04%      9.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09         3014      0.60%     10.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09        84606     16.83%     26.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09        30839      6.13%     33.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09        38492      7.66%     40.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09       167779     33.37%     74.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09        14327      2.85%     76.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09       109712     21.82%     98.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09         6036      1.20%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        1568415883.662335      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                7886417152                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    976038.629665                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   6992811.438250                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       490384     97.53%     97.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         7807      1.55%     99.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07         3100      0.62%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07         1097      0.22%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          346      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           69      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       976036.859768      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                4907776                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        30806317                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       97167.658601                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      96646.285693                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      12462.353112                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-65535         6186      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-98303     28704292     93.18%     93.20% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-131071      1351918      4.39%     97.59% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-163839       447306      1.45%     99.04% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-196607       193779      0.63%     99.67% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        68093      0.22%     99.89% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-262143        27932      0.09%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-294911         4161      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-327679         1921      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::327680-360447          216      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::360448-393215          230      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::393216-425983          148      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::425984-458751           71      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::458752-491519           32      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::491520-524287           22      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            9      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          30806317                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            30806317                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           163222.011804                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          61618.541584                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                 1301      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000               91      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000             189      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000            2569      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000            2863      0.01%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000            4545      0.01%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000           23174      0.08%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000           22521      0.07%      0.19% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000           25394      0.08%      0.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000           86197      0.28%      0.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000          108895      0.35%      0.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000           85014      0.28%      1.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000          127237      0.41%      1.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000          274009      0.89%      2.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000          184680      0.60%      3.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000          218666      0.71%      3.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000          371336      1.21%      4.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000          487943      1.58%      6.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000          340182      1.10%      7.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000         561429      1.82%      9.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows          27878082     90.49%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         101941000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              30806317                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             19171                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         262376355.328361                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1419125957.341044                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             2      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             3      0.02%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             6      0.03%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             1      0.01%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             3      0.02%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.01%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             5      0.03%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             8      0.04%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            12      0.06%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             9      0.05%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             8      0.04%      0.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           10      0.05%      0.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           19101     99.63%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           32000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      9834023000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               19171                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              30825488                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             163120.500704                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            61479.998090                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                   1301      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 91      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000               189      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000              2571      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000              2877      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000              4555      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000             23197      0.08%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             22664      0.07%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             25461      0.08%      0.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000             86310      0.28%      0.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000            109259      0.35%      0.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000             85204      0.28%      1.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000            127429      0.41%      1.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000            274200      0.89%      2.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000            186476      0.60%      3.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000            219114      0.71%      3.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000            371698      1.21%      5.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000            489493      1.59%      6.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000            340887      1.11%      7.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000           562515      1.82%      9.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows            27889997     90.48%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           101941000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                30825488                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.597230                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.513087                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           208233     41.41%     41.41% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1           288883     57.45%     98.86% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2             5710      1.14%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          502826    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            61.266317                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           12.634458                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                    39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                 6016      1.20%      1.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                 125      0.02%      1.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                4488      0.89%      2.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39               24705      4.91%      7.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47               15634      3.11%     10.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55              113992     22.67%     32.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63               72033     14.33%     47.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71              138964     27.64%     74.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79              126130     25.08%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                 700      0.14%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.038127                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.273157                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 490384     97.53%     97.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   7807      1.55%     99.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                   3100      0.62%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                   1097      0.22%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                    346      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     69      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     18      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    123225912                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271    123225912    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      123225912                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        76276                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.996657                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.981390                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.923307                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        76275    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         76276                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      6273692526.639434                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     1292965918.147620                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-5.36871e+08           39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09           14      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09         6003      1.19%      1.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09           61      0.01%      1.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09         1430      0.28%      1.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09         3110      0.62%      2.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09         2106      0.42%      2.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09        35420      7.04%      9.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09         2247      0.45%     10.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09        81635     16.24%     26.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09        34518      6.86%     33.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09        47522      9.45%     42.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09       158456     31.51%     74.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09        12819      2.55%     76.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09       113367     22.55%     99.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09         4079      0.81%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           502826                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         6273685121.401650      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                31545777152                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3883331.410866                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    22228488.944271                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07       486987     96.85%     96.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         3866      0.77%     97.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         3038      0.60%     98.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         4699      0.93%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1521      0.30%     99.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08         1131      0.22%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1091      0.22%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08          241      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08          135      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08          101      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          502826                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        3883324.567911      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                19526401                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        123225692                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        108439.594046                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       107750.820723                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       14564.748365                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535        24277      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303         6287      0.01%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071    118295136     96.00%     96.02% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839      2916275      2.37%     98.39% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607      1273937      1.03%     99.42% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375       332590      0.27%     99.69% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143       287674      0.23%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911        69246      0.06%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679        14933      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447         2940      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215         1124      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983          664      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751          262      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519          215      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287           69      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055           51      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          123225692                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            123225912                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            40805.289938                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           35026.014830                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000               9389430      7.62%      7.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000           5647713      4.58%     12.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          8626358      7.00%     19.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         22737071     18.45%     37.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000          6135468      4.98%     42.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000          6819708      5.53%     48.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000          9614974      7.80%     55.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          6102728      4.95%     60.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          4346823      3.53%     64.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          6797407      5.52%     69.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          5355509      4.35%     74.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          3218098      2.61%     76.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          3290824      2.67%     79.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          4044006      3.28%     82.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          2339155      1.90%     84.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          2202181      1.79%     86.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          2319027      1.88%     88.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          2701831      2.19%     90.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          1402169      1.14%     91.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000         1849930      1.50%     93.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows            8285502      6.72%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                499                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           94231000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              123225912                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              76276                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          65922034.689811                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         658131404.504315                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            488      0.64%      0.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             63      0.08%      0.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             88      0.12%      0.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            232      0.30%      1.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            103      0.14%      1.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             85      0.11%      1.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            159      0.21%      1.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            158      0.21%      1.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             91      0.12%      1.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            105      0.14%      2.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            143      0.19%      2.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            113      0.15%      2.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            132      0.17%      2.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            131      0.17%      2.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            158      0.21%      2.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            119      0.16%      3.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           130      0.17%      3.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            73778     96.73%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       9684912000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                76276                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              123302188                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              40780.047780                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             35005.348744                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                 9396369      7.62%      7.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000             5654564      4.59%     12.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            8633626      7.00%     19.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           22768651     18.47%     37.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            6148735      4.99%     42.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            6825336      5.54%     48.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            9617802      7.80%     56.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            6111213      4.96%     60.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            4348974      3.53%     64.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            6798381      5.51%     69.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            5360034      4.35%     74.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            3218995      2.61%     76.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            3290484      2.67%     79.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            4042732      3.28%     82.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            2346092      1.90%     84.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            2200627      1.78%     86.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            2317158      1.88%     88.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            2699900      2.19%     90.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            1400881      1.14%     91.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           1848370      1.50%     93.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows              8273264      6.71%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  499                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             94231000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                123302188                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       2.653560                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.187379                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             14171      2.82%      2.82% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1             68969     13.72%     16.53% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2            144330     28.70%     45.24% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3            157087     31.24%     76.48% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4             89112     17.72%     94.20% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5             26002      5.17%     99.37% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6              3154      0.63%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        502826                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           502826    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       502826                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            245.066552                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            50.507274                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                    39      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                 6018      1.20%      1.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                  131      0.03%      1.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                4534      0.90%      2.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159              30474      6.06%      8.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191              10453      2.08%     10.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223             113583     22.59%     32.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255              88080     17.52%     50.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287             123519     24.56%     74.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319             125827     25.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                168      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.151693                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.868300                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                  480062     95.47%     95.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                    6925      1.38%     96.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                    3866      0.77%     97.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                    3038      0.60%     98.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                    2557      0.51%     98.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                    2142      0.43%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                    1521      0.30%     99.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                    1131      0.22%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                     679      0.14%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                     412      0.08%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                    241      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                    135      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                     62      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                     39      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              502826                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimReqForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimRespForwardingFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward PIM resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   142212643                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                  27081532                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   31153965                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      982                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     7                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               169294175                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               31154947                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        173366608                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                       27082514                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    200449122                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   229678377                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               229678377                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.hits                        229678377                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    229678377                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.numCycles                     10008759478                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.committedInsts                  229664295                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.committedOps                    230005272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            202117754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      96431                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     27896903                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   202117754                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          434728591                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         143102199                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1116762926                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           83866497                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    173392372                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  142228554                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  31163818                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              271967597.768600                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              9736791880.231400                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.972827                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.027173                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.Branches                         28001239                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 56632667     24.62%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   12735      0.01%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                46      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.62% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               142228554     61.83%     86.45% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               31163818     13.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::total                 230037820                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            28927                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          229776145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            28927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          7943.310575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        459385681                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       459385681                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst    229649450                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      229649450                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst    229649450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       229649450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst    229649450                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      229649450                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28927                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        28927                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         28927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28927                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        28927                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2689288349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2689288349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2689288349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2689288349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2689288349                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2689288349                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    229678377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    229678377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    229678377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    229678377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    229678377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    229678377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 92968.104159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92968.104159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 92968.104159                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92968.104159                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 92968.104159                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92968.104159                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2616743651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2616743651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2616743651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2616743651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst   2616743651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2616743651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 90460.249974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90460.249974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 90460.249974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90460.249974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 90460.249974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90460.249974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              6099                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         31095699                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.327374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           25093645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31095699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.806981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   255.327374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.997373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        377830439                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       377830439                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    111110250                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      111110250                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     31143695                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      31143695                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3050                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3050                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    142253945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       142253945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    142256169                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      142256169                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data     31095032                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     31095032                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         6600                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6600                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          554                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          554                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          587                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          117                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          117                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data     31101632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      31101632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data     31102186                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     31102186                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3385670037558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3385670037558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    662383197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    662383197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     71731466                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     71731466                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2500498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2500498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3386332420755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3386332420755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3386332420755                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3386332420755                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    142205282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    142205282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     31150295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31150295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2778                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2778                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    173355577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    173355577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    173358355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    173358355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.218663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.199424                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.199424                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.183667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.183667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036943                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.036943                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.179409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.179410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 108881.381359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108881.381359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 100361.090455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100361.090455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 122200.112436                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122200.112436                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21371.777778                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21371.777778                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 108879.573289                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108879.573289                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 108877.633899                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108877.633899                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12726                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            12726                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     31095032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31095032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         6600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          554                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          554                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     31101632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31101632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data     31102186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31102186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3318683549770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3318683549770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    649096383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    649096383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     69998034                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69998034                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1662000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1662000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2267502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2267502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3319332646153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3319332646153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 3319402644187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3319402644187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     47096323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     47096323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     17177000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     17177000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     64273323                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     64273323                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.218663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.199424                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199424                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.010951                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010951                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036628                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036628                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.179409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.179410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 106727.130873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106727.130873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 98347.936818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98347.936818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126350.241877                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126350.241877                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47485.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47485.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 19547.431034                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19547.431034                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 106725.352745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106725.352745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 106725.702309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106725.702309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry            643633                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   142478599                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                  27272578                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   30638484                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      993                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     3                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               169751177                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               30639477                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        173117083                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                       27273571                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    200390654                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   229824793                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               229824793                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.hits                        229824793                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    229824793                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.numCycles                     10008759650                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.committedInsts                  229812135                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.committedOps                    230155921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            202069700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      97726                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     28092937                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   202069700                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          434110155                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         143373124                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1118011786                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           84449784                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    173142382                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  142494110                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  30648272                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              220393231.376647                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              9788366418.623354                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.977980                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.022020                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.Branches                         28200692                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 57032794     24.78%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   12829      0.01%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                40      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.78% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               142494110     61.90%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               30648272     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::total                 230188045                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            28649                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          229906962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            28649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          8024.955915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        459678235                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       459678235                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst    229796144                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      229796144                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst    229796144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       229796144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst    229796144                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      229796144                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        28649                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        28649                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        28649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         28649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        28649                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        28649                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2794708606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2794708606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2794708606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2794708606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2794708606                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2794708606                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    229824793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    229824793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    229824793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    229824793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    229824793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    229824793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 97549.953087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97549.953087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 97549.953087                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97549.953087                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 97549.953087                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97549.953087                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        28649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        28649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        28649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2723309394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2723309394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2723309394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2723309394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   2723309394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2723309394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 95057.747007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95057.747007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 95057.747007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95057.747007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 95057.747007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95057.747007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              6742                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         31315009                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.560499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           25272703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31315009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.807048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   255.560499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.998283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        377550650                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       377550650                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    111156926                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      111156926                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     30628772                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      30628772                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2246                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2246                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2547                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2547                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2987                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2987                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    141785698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       141785698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    141787944                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      141787944                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data     31314349                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     31314349                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         6095                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6095                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          556                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          556                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          589                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          589                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data     31320444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      31320444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data     31321000                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     31321000                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3401258413426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3401258413426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    643449018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    643449018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     68009446                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     68009446                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2486999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2486999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       128500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       128500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3401901862444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3401901862444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3401901862444                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3401901862444                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    142471275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    142471275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     30634867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     30634867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2802                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2802                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3109                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    173106142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    173106142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    173108944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    173108944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.198430                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.198430                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.187819                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.187819                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.039241                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039241                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 108616.609383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108616.609383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 105569.978343                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105569.978343                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115465.952462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115465.952462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20385.237705                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20385.237705                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 108616.016505                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108616.016505                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 108614.088389                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108614.088389                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12517                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            12517                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          554                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     31314349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31314349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          556                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     31320444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31320444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data     31321000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31321000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3333863989924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3333863989924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    631174200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    631174200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     66632553                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66632553                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1288001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1288001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2260001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2260001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       118500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       118500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3334495164124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3334495164124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 3334561796677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3334561796677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     47111381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     47111381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     16342500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     16342500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     63453881                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     63453881                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.198430                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198430                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.011161                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011161                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037954                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037954                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 106464.419552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106464.419552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 103556.062346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103556.062346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 119842.721223                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119842.721223                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 36800.028571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36800.028571                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19152.550847                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19152.550847                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 106463.853582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106463.853582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 106464.091079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106464.091079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry            659988                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   146327418                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                  27839845                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   32157262                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     1014                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     8                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               174167263                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               32158276                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        178484680                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                       27840859                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    206325539                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                   236472534                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses               236472534                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.hits                        236472534                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                    236472534                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.numCycles                     10056537252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.committedInsts                  236458219                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.committedOps                    236860969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            208171617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     107749                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     28692623                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   208171617                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          447753235                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         147378685                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads          1149687788                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           86293689                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    178512307                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  146346203                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  32166104                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles               3534.013654                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              10056533717.986345                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.Branches                         28812762                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 58371634     24.64%     24.64% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12829      0.01%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                24      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.65% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               146346203     61.78%     86.42% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               32166104     13.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::total                 236896794                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            38787                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          236503277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            38787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          6097.488256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        472983855                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       472983855                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst    236433747                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      236433747                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst    236433747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       236433747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst    236433747                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      236433747                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        38787                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38787                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        38787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         38787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        38787                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        38787                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2554597780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2554597780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2554597780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2554597780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2554597780                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2554597780                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    236472534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    236472534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    236472534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    236472534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    236472534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    236472534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 65862.216206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65862.216206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 65862.216206                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65862.216206                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 65862.216206                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65862.216206                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        38787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        38787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        38787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2471614220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2471614220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2471614220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2471614220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst   2471614220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2471614220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 63722.747828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63722.747828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 63722.747828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63722.747828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 63722.747828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63722.747828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry              2453                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         31971969                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.995236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          328043363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31971969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.260343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   255.995236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        388940894                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       388940894                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    114346230                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      114346230                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data     32145381                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      32145381                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         5592                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         5592                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2981                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2981                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data    146491611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       146491611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data    146497203                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      146497203                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data     31969050                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     31969050                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         7339                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7339                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1054                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1054                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1071                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1071                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          597                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          597                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data     31976389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      31976389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data     31977443                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     31977443                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3479859856379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3479859856379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    555251812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    555251812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    102944499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    102944499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8186497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      8186497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3480415108191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3480415108191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3480415108191                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3480415108191                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    146315280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    146315280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     32152720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     32152720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         6646                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         6646                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4038                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4038                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data    178468000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    178468000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data    178474646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    178474646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.218494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.158592                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.158592                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.264314                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.264314                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.147845                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.147845                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.179172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.179171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 108850.899741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108850.899741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 75657.693419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75657.693419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 96119.980392                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96119.980392                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13712.725293                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13712.725293                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 108843.281466                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108843.281466                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 108839.693911                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108839.693911                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16159                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            16159                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data         1054                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1054                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     31969050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31969050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         7339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1054                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1054                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          597                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          597                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     31976389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31976389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data     31977443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31977443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3410996634075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3410996634075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    540456058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540456058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    101430501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101430501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1499000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1499000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6989503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6989503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3411537090133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3411537090133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 3411638520634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3411638520634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     49373346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     49373346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     15976500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     15976500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     65349846                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     65349846                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.218494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.158592                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158592                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.004195                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004195                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.147845                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147845                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.179172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.179171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 106696.840665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106696.840665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 73641.648453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73641.648453                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 96233.871917                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96233.871917                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 88176.470588                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88176.470588                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11707.710218                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11707.710218                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 106689.254066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106689.254066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 106688.909449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106688.909449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry            645319                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   143989519                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                  27511908                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   31170878                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     1003                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     9                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               171501427                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               31171881                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        175160397                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                       27512911                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    202673308                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                   232338395                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses               232338395                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.hits                        232338395                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                    232338395                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.numCycles                     10048750587                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.committedInsts                  232326007                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.committedOps                    232667283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            204337180                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      95366                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     28334457                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   204337180                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          439191519                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         144871179                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads          1130070927                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           85172954                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    175183293                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  144004814                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  31178479                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              104707416.482982                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              9944043170.517017                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.989580                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.010420                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.Branches                         28440212                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 57500810     24.71%     24.71% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12791      0.01%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                28      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.72% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               144004814     61.89%     86.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               31178479     13.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::total                 232696922                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      22                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            27991                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          232378777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            27991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          8301.910507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        464704781                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       464704781                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst    232310404                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      232310404                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst    232310404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       232310404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst    232310404                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      232310404                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        27991                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        27991                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        27991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         27991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        27991                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        27991                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   2668043405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2668043405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   2668043405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2668043405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   2668043405                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2668043405                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    232338395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    232338395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    232338395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    232338395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst    232338395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    232338395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 95317.902361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95317.902361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 95317.902361                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95317.902361                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 95317.902361                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95317.902361                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        27991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        27991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        27991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   2597071595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2597071595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   2597071595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2597071595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst   2597071595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2597071595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 92782.379872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92782.379872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 92782.379872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92782.379872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 92782.379872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92782.379872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry              6585                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         31590741                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.912958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          197760799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31590741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.260087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   255.912958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.999660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.890625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        381913998                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       381913998                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    112391582                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      112391582                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data     31161005                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      31161005                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2157                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2157                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2903                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2903                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data    143552587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       143552587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data    143554744                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      143554744                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data     31590730                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     31590730                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         6344                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6344                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          556                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          556                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          562                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          562                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data     31597074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      31597074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data     31597630                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     31597630                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3446554896029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3446554896029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    606897673                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    606897673                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     70978438                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     70978438                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2069500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2069500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         8000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3447161793702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3447161793702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3447161793702                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3447161793702                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    143982312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    143982312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     31167349                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31167349                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2713                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2713                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         3025                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3025                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data    175149661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    175149661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data    175152374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    175152374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.219407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.204939                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.204939                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.184808                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.184808                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.040331                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040331                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.180400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.180401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 109100.197939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109100.197939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 95664.828657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95664.828657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126296.153025                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126296.153025                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 16963.114754                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16963.114754                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 109097.500411                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109097.500411                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 109095.580703                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109095.580703                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12071                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            12071                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          536                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     31590730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31590730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         6344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          556                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          121                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     31597074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31597074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data     31597630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31597630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3378805289455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3378805289455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    594129845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    594129845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     69266561                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69266561                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1681001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1681001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1831500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1831500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         4000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3379399419300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3379399419300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 3379468685861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3379468685861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     49223604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     49223604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     16236000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     16236000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     65459604                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     65459604                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.219407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.204939                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204939                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.008550                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008550                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.180400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.180401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 106955.593918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106955.593918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 93652.245429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93652.245429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124580.145683                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124580.145683                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 64653.884615                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64653.884615                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15136.363636                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15136.363636                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 106952.922897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106952.922897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 106953.233070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106953.233070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry            639380                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                   140510651                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                  26730095                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                   30898176                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                      976                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     9                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses               167240746                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses               30899152                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                        171408827                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                       26731071                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                    198139898                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                   227018825                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses               227018829                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.hits                        227018825                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                    227018829                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.numCycles                     10008760606                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.committedInsts                  227005617                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.committedOps                    227345056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses            199810168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      95842                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts     27540970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                   199810168                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads          429846251                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes         141409171                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads          1103671594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           82790147                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                    171433085                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                  140525956                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                  30907129                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              398674720.802103                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              9610085885.197897                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.960167                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.039833                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.Branches                         27646573                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 55930326     24.60%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   12582      0.01%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                52      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead               140525956     61.80%     86.41% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite               30907129     13.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::total                 227376045                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            28321                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs          226991318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            28321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          8014.947142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses        454065971                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses       454065971                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst    226990504                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      226990504                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst    226990504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total       226990504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst    226990504                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total      226990504                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        28321                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        28321                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        28321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         28321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        28321                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        28321                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2736708004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2736708004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2736708004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2736708004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2736708004                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2736708004                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst    227018825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    227018825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst    227018825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total    227018825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst    227018825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total    227018825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 96631.757494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96631.757494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 96631.757494                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96631.757494                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 96631.757494                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96631.757494                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        28321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        28321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        28321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2665251996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2665251996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2665251996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2665251996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst   2665251996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2665251996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 94108.682462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94108.682462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 94108.682462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94108.682462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 94108.682462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94108.682462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry              7066                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements         30694293                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.668315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs          140719743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         30694293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.584557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   254.668315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.994798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        373513888                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses       373513888                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data    109809860                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      109809860                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data     30888239                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      30888239                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2225                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2225                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2605                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2605                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         3082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data    140698099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total       140698099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data    140700324                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total      140700324                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data     30693415                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     30693415                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         6267                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6267                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          553                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          553                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          597                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          597                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data     30699682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total      30699682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data     30700235                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total     30700235                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 3341301290899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3341301290899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    610544666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    610544666                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     73082954                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     73082954                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1984999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1984999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 3341911835565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3341911835565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 3341911835565                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3341911835565                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    140503275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    140503275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data     30894506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     30894506                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2778                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2778                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3202                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3202                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data    171397781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total    171397781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data    171400559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total    171400559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.218453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.199064                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.199064                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.186446                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.186446                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.029902                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029902                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.179114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.179114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 108860.525650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108860.525650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 97422.158289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97422.158289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 122417.008375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122417.008375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20894.726316                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20894.726316                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 108858.190634                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108858.190634                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 108856.229783                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108856.229783                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12926                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total            12926                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data          552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          552                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     30693415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30693415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         6267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          553                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     30699682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30699682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data     30700235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30700235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 3274923794873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3274923794873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    597925854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    597925854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     70880046                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70880046                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2097000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2097000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1796001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1796001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 3275521720727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3275521720727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 3275592600773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3275592600773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     47381685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     47381685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     15867000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     15867000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     63248685                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     63248685                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.218453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000203                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000203                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.199064                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199064                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014054                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014054                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.029588                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029588                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.179114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.179114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 106697.928363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106697.928363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 95408.625180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95408.625180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 128173.681736                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128173.681736                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        46600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        46600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19106.393617                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19106.393617                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 106695.623776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106695.623776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 106696.010658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106696.010658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry            640824                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                   144925390                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                  27539196                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                   31995058                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                     1015                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses               172464586                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses               31996073                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                        176920448                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                       27540211                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                    204460659                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                   234170649                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses               234170661                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.hits                        234170649                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                    234170661                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.numCycles                     10048751585                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.committedInsts                  234157376                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.committedOps                    234502596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses            206142848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      97427                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts     28364647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                   206142848                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads          443615038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes         145821158                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads          1138388400                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           85265976                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                    176944477                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                  144940965                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                  32003512                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              106345086.322419                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              9942406498.677582                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.989417                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.010583                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.Branches                         28472569                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 57576085     24.55%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   12873      0.01%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                53      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     24.55% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead               144940965     61.80%     86.35% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite               32003512     13.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::total                 234533488                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      29                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            28769                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs          234126865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            28769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          8138.164865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses        468370067                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses       468370067                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst    234141880                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      234141880                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst    234141880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total       234141880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst    234141880                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total      234141880                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        28769                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        28769                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        28769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         28769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        28769                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        28769                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2783917318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2783917318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2783917318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2783917318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2783917318                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2783917318                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst    234170649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    234170649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst    234170649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total    234170649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst    234170649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total    234170649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 96767.955716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96767.955716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 96767.955716                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96767.955716                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 96767.955716                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96767.955716                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        28769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        28769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        28769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2712627682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2712627682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2712627682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2712627682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst   2712627682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2712627682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 94289.953839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94289.953839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 94289.953839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94289.953839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 94289.953839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94289.953839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry              6429                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements         31620154                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.779328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs          145461876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31620154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.600290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   255.779328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.999138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        385463138                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses       385463138                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data    113297801                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      113297801                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data     31985132                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      31985132                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2227                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2227                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         3088                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3088                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data    145282933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total       145282933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data    145285160                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total      145285160                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data     31620129                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     31620129                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         6211                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6211                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          583                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          583                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          615                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          615                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data     31626340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total      31626340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data     31626923                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total     31626923                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 3443495319693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 3443495319693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    634437865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    634437865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     68762944                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     68762944                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2207499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2207499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        77999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        77999                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 3444129757558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3444129757558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 3444129757558                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3444129757558                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    144917930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    144917930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data     31991343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31991343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2810                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2810                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3206                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3206                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data    176909273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total    176909273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data    176912083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total    176912083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.218193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.218193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.207473                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.207473                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.189347                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.189347                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.036806                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.036806                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.178772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.178772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 108902.000991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108902.000991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 102147.458541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102147.458541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 111809.665041                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111809.665041                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18707.618644                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18707.618644                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 108900.674487                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108900.674487                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 108898.667049                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108898.667049                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12338                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total            12338                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data          581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          581                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     31620129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31620129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         6211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          583                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          583                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     31626340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31626340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data     31626923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31626923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 3375051599599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3375051599599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    621927065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    621927065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     67348055                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67348055                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1331001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1331001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1988501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1988501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        67001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        67001                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 3375673526664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3375673526664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 3375740874719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3375740874719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     47391344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     47391344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     16386500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     16386500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     63777844                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     63777844                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.218193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.207473                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207473                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.010468                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010468                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.035558                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035558                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.178772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.178772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 106737.439294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106737.439294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 100133.161327                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100133.161327                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115519.819897                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115519.819897                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 39147.088235                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39147.088235                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17442.991228                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17442.991228                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 106736.142300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106736.142300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 106736.304215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106736.304215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry            659029                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       12991                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      11120                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   12992                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  11120                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                            24111                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                        24112                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                       58666                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                   58666                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.hits                            58666                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                        58666                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.numCycles                     10019882518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.committedInsts                      58275                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.committedOps                        65833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                59955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       2975                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         7068                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                       59955                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads             107147                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes             40509                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              242294                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              24429                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        25749                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      13308                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     12441                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              10019489367.047415                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              393150.952585                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000039                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999961                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.Branches                            10091                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                    41652     61.61%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     193      0.29%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.01%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.91% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   13308     19.69%     81.60% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  12441     18.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::total                     67604                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              878                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs              56723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              878                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            64.604784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           118210                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          118210                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst        57788                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          57788                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst        57788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           57788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst        57788                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          57788                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          878                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          878                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          878                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          878                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     73500449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73500449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     73500449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73500449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     73500449                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73500449                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        58666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        58666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        58666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        58666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        58666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        58666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.014966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.014966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.014966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 83713.495444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83713.495444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 83713.495444                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83713.495444                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 83713.495444                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83713.495444                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     71722551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71722551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     71722551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71722551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     71722551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71722551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.014966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.014966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.014966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 81688.554670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81688.554670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 81688.554670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81688.554670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 81688.554670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81688.554670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                66                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              254                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          209.464168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               4743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.673228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   209.464168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.818219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.818219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            48526                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           48526                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        12473                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          12473                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        10962                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10962                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          107                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        23435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           23435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        23542                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          23542                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          282                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          282                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          337                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          337                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     13240998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13240998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1878999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1878999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       585500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       585500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        85000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        85000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     15119997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15119997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     15119997                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15119997                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        12755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        11008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          116                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data        23763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data        23879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.004179                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004179                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.077586                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.077586                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.077586                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077586                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.027273                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.027273                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46953.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46953.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 40847.804348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40847.804348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 65055.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65055.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 28333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46097.551829                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46097.551829                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44866.459941                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44866.459941                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              101                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     12676002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12676002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1786001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1786001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       587500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       587500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        79000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     14462003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14462003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     15049503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15049503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       210000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       210000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.004179                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004179                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.077586                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077586                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.027273                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027273                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.014113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44950.361702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44950.361702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 38826.108696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38826.108696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 65277.777778                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65277.777778                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 26333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26333.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44091.472561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44091.472561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44657.278932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44657.278932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                69                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        9930                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         5                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       7898                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    9935                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   7898                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            17828                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        17833                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       45668                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   45668                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.hits                            45668                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        45668                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.numCycles                     10056538507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.committedInsts                      44913                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.committedOps                        53576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                48560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       2789                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         5620                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       48560                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              84898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             33815                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              195133                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              20434                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        19035                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                      10246                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      8789                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              10056151805.363581                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              386701.636421                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000038                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999962                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.Branches                             8571                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    35759     65.08%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                     139      0.25%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.03%     65.36% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.36% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.36% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.36% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                   10246     18.65%     84.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   8789     16.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::total                     54947                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              860                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              37414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            43.504651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            92196                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           92196                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        44808                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          44808                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        44808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           44808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        44808                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          44808                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          860                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          860                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          860                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     73994980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73994980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     73994980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73994980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     73994980                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73994980                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        45668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        45668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        45668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        45668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        45668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        45668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 86040.674419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86040.674419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 86040.674419                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86040.674419                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 86040.674419                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86040.674419                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     72264020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72264020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     72264020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72264020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     72264020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72264020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 84027.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84027.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 84027.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84027.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 84027.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84027.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                72                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              254                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          224.486654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              15312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            60.283465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   224.486654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.876901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            36012                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           36012                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         9210                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           9210                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         7502                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7502                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          144                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          144                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          190                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          190                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        16712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           16712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        16856                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          16856                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          335                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          335                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          178                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          178                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          528                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          528                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     17619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     11184998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11184998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1339999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1339999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       515000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       515000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     28803998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     28803998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     28803998                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     28803998                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         9545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          159                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          214                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          211                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          211                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        17225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        17225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        17384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        17384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.035097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.023177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.094340                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.094340                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.112150                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112150                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.099526                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.099526                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 52594.029851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52594.029851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 62837.067416                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62837.067416                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 55833.291667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55833.291667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24523.809524                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24523.809524                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 56148.144250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56148.144250                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54553.026515                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54553.026515                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              118                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     10828002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10828002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       855000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       855000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       467001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       467001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       473000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       473000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     27777002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27777002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     28632002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28632002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       234500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       234500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       634500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       634500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.035097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.023177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023177                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.094340                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094340                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.042056                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042056                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.099526                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099526                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 50594.029851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50594.029851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 60831.471910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60831.471910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        57000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        51889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        51889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22523.809524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22523.809524                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54146.202729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54146.202729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54227.276515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54227.276515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                61                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 5028269118000 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp6_sim_ticks]
