timestamp6.sim_seconds                                  4.212855                       # Number of seconds simulated
timestamp6.sim_ticks                                4212854876500                       # Number of ticks simulated
timestamp6.final_tick                               24016805009500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
timestamp6.sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
timestamp6.host_inst_rate                                3144289                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
timestamp6.host_op_rate                                  3349327                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
timestamp6.host_tick_rate                              513653131                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
timestamp6.host_mem_usage                                1555104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
timestamp6.host_seconds                                  8201.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
timestamp6.sim_insts                                 25788670324                       # Number of instructions simulated
timestamp6.sim_ops                                   27470343673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
timestamp6.system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4121290170000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF  91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::4 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::5 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::6 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::7 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::4 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::5 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::6 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::7 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::4 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::5 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::6 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::7 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::4   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::5   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::6   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::7   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4121290170000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF  91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::4 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::5 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::6 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::7 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::4 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::5 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::6 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::7 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::4 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::5 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::6 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::7 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::4   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::5   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::6   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::7   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                  486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total             122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks            547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total                 547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks            547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total                1033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           21                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4212859512000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.686684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    80.821050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.00%     15.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.00%     30.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     70.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     21.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    20.965931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24               2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1596800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                2681600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     36.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 247815265411.76                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   85.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  4121284864550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF    91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        5305450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           935020.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           957398.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           962236.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           900547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::4           945302.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::5           766281.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::6           777772.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::7           794102.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 630768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1           645864.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 649128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 607512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::4           637704.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::5                 516936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::6                 524688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::7                 535704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          3603225.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          3720038.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          3850828.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          3582259.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::4          3643660.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::5          2951769.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::6          2980723.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::7               3067584                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         1642705.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              1658880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         1595842.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         1486771.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::4         1665515.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::5         1340375.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::6         1347010.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::7         1380188.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::4       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::5       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::6       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::7       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       26110744643.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       26110771073.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       26109905238.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       26111095398.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::4       26112604029.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::5       26107943909.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::6       26109210787.200001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::7       26107702156.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       1242297849456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       1242297826272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       1242298585776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       1242297541776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::4       1242296218416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::5       1242300306240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::6       1242299194944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::7       1242300518304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         1358270913716.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         1358271087422.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         1358271056947.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         1358270722160.639893                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::4         1358271222524.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::5         1358269333408.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::6         1358269543822.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::7         1358269505935.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           64.413630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           64.413639                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           64.413637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           64.413621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::4           64.413645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::5           64.413556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::6           64.413565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::7           64.413564                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                  425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total             122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks            547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total                 547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks            547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total                 972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          233                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15              17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 4212857230000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.578947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   180.505395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.514858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.79%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.79%     31.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     68.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    13.679808                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.475209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     30.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 263303576875.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   85.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  4121283453550                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF    91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        6716450                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           920505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           992476.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           907804.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           856396.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::4           898732.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::5           847929.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::6           768700.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::7                 982800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 620976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                 669528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 612408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                 577728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::4                 606288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::5                 572016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::6           518568.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::7                 663000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          3547814.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          3858316.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          3685094.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          3315686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::4          3447475.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::5               3264768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::6          3003187.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::7          3702067.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         1629020.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         1748459.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         1486356.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         1439907.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::4         1565982.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::5         1479720.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::6         1337057.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::7         1748874.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::4       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::5       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::6       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::7       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       26110134734.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       26111381693.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       26107967056.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       26109970738.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::4       26112699898.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::5       26108596500.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::6       26105367801.599998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::7       26115076552.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       1242298384464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       1242297290640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       1242300285936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       1242298528320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::4       1242296134320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::5       1242299733792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::6       1242302565984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::7       1242294049536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         1358270745410.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         1358271449011.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         1358270452552.320068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         1358270196673.920166                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::4         1358270860593.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::5         1358270002623.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::6         1358269069195.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::7         1358271730726.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           64.413622                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           64.413656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           64.413609                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           64.413596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::4           64.413628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::5           64.413587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::6           64.413543                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::7           64.413669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    380207008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total    380207008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     95051752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total     95051752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     90249254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       90249254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total           425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     90249679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      90249679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs             95051752                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 448                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts           95051752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               448                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM      3041314560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ           341504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            13120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys        380207008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ           10672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts             47                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0      5965332                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1      5900977                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2      5927010                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3      5937393                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4      5904170                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5      5953490                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6      5980174                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7      5930918                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8      5950121                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9      5941736                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10      5964057                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11      5959538                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12      5891674                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13      5949863                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14      5930405                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15      5954222                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           22                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           31                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           31                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           22                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           21                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           26                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           27                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           31                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           28                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           31                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           26                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           31                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           22                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap           4212854265500                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2       95051752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           448                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0         95041080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     48207089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    63.088806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    62.734050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     5.519086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-47      1406414      2.92%      2.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-79     46783410     97.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-111          808      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-143        16455      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-207            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     48207089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 3943418.440000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 3779736.195306                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 1112071.566313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.83501e+06            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.22822e+06            1      4.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.62144e+06            1      4.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.62144e+06-2.75251e+06            1      4.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.88358e+06-3.01466e+06            2      8.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.01466e+06-3.14573e+06            2      8.00%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.2768e+06-3.40787e+06            1      4.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.67002e+06-3.80109e+06            1      4.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.80109e+06-3.93216e+06            2      8.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.93216e+06-4.06323e+06            1      4.00%     52.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.06323e+06-4.1943e+06            1      4.00%     56.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.1943e+06-4.32538e+06            1      4.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.32538e+06-4.45645e+06            2      8.00%     68.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.58752e+06-4.71859e+06            1      4.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.71859e+06-4.84966e+06            2      8.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.98074e+06-5.11181e+06            1      4.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5.11181e+06-5.24288e+06            1      4.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5.50502e+06-5.6361e+06            2      8.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5.89824e+06-6.02931e+06            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.400000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.381380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.816497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           20     80.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            5     20.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat          1200245233450                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat     2811191539450                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat        304131456000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              12628.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         29578.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                721.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              90.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  7.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              7.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits          46834357                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits               44                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          49.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         10.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap               44321.48                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             49.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4736575250                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF  91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT 4116553594750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     17536416105.599998                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     17572047897.599998                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     17503354108.799999                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     17649097603.200001                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::4     17614762502.399998                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::5     17668444550.399998                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::6      17515633968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::7     17603646278.399998                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0     11830121976.000002                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1     11854159296.000002                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2      11807818248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3      11906137272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::4      11882974704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::5      11919188784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::6      11816102280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::7      11875475664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    28504898073.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    28605294182.399998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2     28465634496                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    28713005068.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::4    28651610956.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::5    28753500172.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::6    28481387251.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::7    28754543500.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   38910689.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   38885391.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   38960870.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   38851799.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4   38851799.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5   38915665.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6   38915665.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7   38901565.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 1180642562110.080078                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 1185147017899.199951                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 1174896689221.439941                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 1182200848721.280029                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4 1181260486506.239990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5 1185349539026.879883                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6 1185424821106.560059                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7 1190037282793.919922                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 229550642016.000031                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 225599365008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 234590881392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 228183723936.000031                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4 229008603072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5 225421714896.000031                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6 225355677984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7 221309658960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   1557959058866.880127                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   1558672277570.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   1557158846232.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   1558547172296.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4   1558312797436.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5   1559006810992.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6   1558488046152                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7   1559475016658.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     73.883493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     73.917316                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     73.845544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     73.911383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::4     73.900268                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::5     73.933180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::6     73.908579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::7     73.955384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                  547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total             243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks            790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total                 790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks            790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total                1337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        13                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          521                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4212867725000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                 104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.862069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.797889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    84.410445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     17.24%     17.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     17.24%     34.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           19     65.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.865918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     40.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     2028400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                3248800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28172.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               45122.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     30.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               96.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 191493987500.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   92.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  4121278362750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF    91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT       11882750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                1058400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           945907.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           1055980.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           913852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::4                1010016                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::5           811036.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::6                 919296                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::7           1021507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                 714000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 638112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                 712368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                 616488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::4                 681360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::5                 547128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::6                 620160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::7                 689112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          4056499.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          3688588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          4255180.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          3600230.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::4          3878284.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::5               3060096                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::6          3473433.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::7          3884774.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0              1907712                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         1642291.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         1775001.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         1542758.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4         1738506.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5         1413365.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6         1646023.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7         1784954.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       26111070938.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       26111313239.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       26111644349.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       26108023636.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4       26115229111.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5       26110675039.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6       26112129059.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7       26113999443.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       1242297563232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       1242297350688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       1242297060240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       1242300236304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4       1242293915712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5       1242297910512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6       1242296635056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7       1242294994368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         1358271878678.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         1358271086722.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         1358272011017.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         1358270441166.719971                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4         1358271960887.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5         1358269925074.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6         1358270930925.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7         1358271882056.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           64.413676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           64.413639                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           64.413682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           64.413608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::4           64.413680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::5           64.413584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::6           64.413631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::7           64.413676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4121290170000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF  91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::4 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::5 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::6 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::7 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::4 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::5 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::6 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::7 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::4 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::5 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::6 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::7 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::4   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::5   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::6   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::7   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4121290170000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF  91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::4 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::5 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::6 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::7 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::4 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::5 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::6 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::7 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::4 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::5 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::6 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::7 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::4   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::5   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::6   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::7   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu3.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                  425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total             243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks            851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total                 851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks            851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu3.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total                1276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                3584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          276                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               23                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1               32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                9                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4212857233000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                 112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           27                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   208.592593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.926781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    86.673241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     18.52%     18.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     18.52%     37.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           17     62.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           27                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.800000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.121403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     40.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     32.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               89.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 200612249190.48                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   88.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  4121284190250                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF    91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        5979750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                 901152                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           993081.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           914457.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           936835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::4           954374.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::5           767491.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::6           841881.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::7           890870.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 607920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 669936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                 616896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 631992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::4           643824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::5           517752.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::6                 567936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::7                 600984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          3386572.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          3957657.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          3553305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          3713049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::4          3636172.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::5          2903846.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::6               3247296                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::7          3415526.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0              1658880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         1659294.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         1582571.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         1559347.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::4         1702010.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::5         1347010.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::6         1469767.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::7         1562664.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::4       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::5       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::6       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::7       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       26109433716.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       26112149415.360004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       26109911476.799999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       26111502789.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::4       26110826887.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::5       26107299308.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::6       26109636946.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::7       26109545947.200001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       1242298999392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       1242296617200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       1242298580304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       1242297184416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::4       1242297777312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::5       1242300871680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::6       1242298821120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::7       1242298900944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         1358270495529.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         1358271554481.600098                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         1358270666907.840088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         1358271036325.440186                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::4         1358271048478.079834                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::5         1358269214984.639893                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::6         1358270092844.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::7         1358270424833.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           64.413611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           64.413661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           64.413619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           64.413636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::4           64.413637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::5           64.413550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::6           64.413592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::7           64.413607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4121290170000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF  91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::4 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::5 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::6 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::7 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::4 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::5 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::6 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::7 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::4 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::5 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::6 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::7 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::4   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::5   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::6   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::7   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4121290170000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF  91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::4 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::5 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::6 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::7 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::4 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::5 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::6 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::7 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::4 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::5 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::6 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::7 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::4   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::5   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::6   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::7   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks           17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                17                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                  425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total             122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks           1033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total                1033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks           1033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total                1458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        17                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                     136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   4352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                4352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           31                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0               25                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15              32                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 4212862458000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                 136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.776511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.262364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     16.67%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                3     50.00%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean     22.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.431726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.265986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::16               1     16.67%     16.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               5     83.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     1771600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                2720800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    31635.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               48585.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     35.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                    113                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 175535935750.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  4121279978050                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF    91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT       10191950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                 861840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                1067472                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           863049.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                 904176                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::4           857606.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::5           832204.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::6           864259.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::7           972518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 581400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                 720120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                 582216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 609960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::4                 578544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::5                 561408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::6                 583032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::7           656064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          3322675.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          4113907.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          3452467.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          3585753.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::4               3334656                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::5          3187891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::6               3284736                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::7          3648652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         1553126.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         1881169.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         1449861.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         1512898.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::4         1532805.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::5         1469767.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::6         1509580.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::7         1672151.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::4       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::5       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::6       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::7       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       26108380192.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       26114422538.880001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       26107832171.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3        26108824464                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::4       26107933786.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::5       26109464469.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::6       26110083790.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::7       26116517931.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       1242299923536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       1242294623232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       1242300404256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       1242299533824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::4       1242300315120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::5       1242298972416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::6       1242298429152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::7       1242292785168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         1358270130666.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         1358272336336.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         1358270091917.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         1358270478972.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::4         1358270060414.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::5         1358269996053.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::6         1358270262446.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::7         1358271760382.400146                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           64.413593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           64.413698                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           64.413591                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           64.413610                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::4           64.413590                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::5           64.413587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::6           64.413600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::7           64.413671                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                  486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total             243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks            729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total                 729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks            729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total                1215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        12                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          660                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4212856869000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.694406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           16     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.889678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     6.531973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     1896800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                2981600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    29637.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               46587.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 210642843450.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   85.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  4121284657000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF    91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        5513000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           920505.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           956793.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           905385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                 964656                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::4           984009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::5           826156.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::6           835228.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::7                 849744                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 620976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                 645456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 610776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 650760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::4                 663816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::5                 557328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::6                 563448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::7                 573240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          3563289.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          3748492.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               3471936                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          3940185.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::4          3755980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::5          3171916.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::6               3227328                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::7          3151948.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         1678786.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         1682104.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2              1575936                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         1552711.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::4         1718599.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::5         1450275.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::6         1446543.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::7         1502945.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::4       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::5       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::6       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::7       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       26109059486.399998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       26108595241.920002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       26112992322.240002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       26110823878.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::4       26114173453.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::5       26109221895.360004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::6       26109076942.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::7        26111233512                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       1242299327664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       1242299734896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       1242295877808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       1242297779952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::4       1242294841728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::5       1242299185200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::6       1242299312352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::7       1242297420624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         1358270678604.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         1358270870880.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         1358270942060.159912                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         1358271220039.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::4         1358271645483.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::5         1358269920669.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::6         1358269969738.560059                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::7         1358270239910.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           64.413619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           64.413628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           64.413632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           64.413645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::4           64.413665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::5           64.413583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::6           64.413586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::7           64.413599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                  486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total              61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks            790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total                 790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks            790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total                1276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        13                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          901                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               9                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 4212838764000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.694406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           16     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    17.706911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16               3     75.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     1596800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                2681600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     34.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               76.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 200611369714.29                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   80.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  4121281970400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF    91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        8199600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           889660.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1006387.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                 873936                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                 970704                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::4           856396.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::5           891475.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::6           797731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::7           942883.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                 600168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                 678912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 589560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                 654840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::4                 577728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::5                 601392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::6                 538152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::7                 636072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          3351129.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          3810892.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          3450969.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          3869299.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::4          3268262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::5               3359616                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::6               3112512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::7          3653644.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         1642291.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         1775001.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2              1492992                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         1615749.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::4         1519534.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::5         1579668.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::6         1383505.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::7         1612431.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::4       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::5       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::6       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::7       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0        26109445536                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       26112987397.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       26109524825.280003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       26111923093.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::4       26108603231.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::5       26111788208.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::6       26108219424.960003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::7       26112490594.560001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       1242298989024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       1242295882128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       1242298919472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       1242296815728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::4       1242299727888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::5       1242296934048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::6       1242300064560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::7       1242296317920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         1358270425705.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         1358271648615.359863                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         1358270359651.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         1358271357310.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::4         1358270060936.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::5         1358270662304.639893                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::6         1358269623782.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::7         1358271161442.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           64.413607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           64.413665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           64.413604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           64.413651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::4           64.413590                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::5           64.413619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::6           64.413569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::7           64.413642                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 4121290170000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF  91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::4 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::5 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::6 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::7 89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::4 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::5 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::6 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::7 26086076375.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::4 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::5 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::6 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::7 1242319488288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::4   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::5   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::6   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::7   1358261072559.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2685632284                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    767585188                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data     97790290                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data     97739314                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data     97823896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data     97697554                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data     97731350                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data     97884598                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total   4039884474                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2685632284                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total   2685632284                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    383562400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total    383596001                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    671408071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    191902226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data     48895145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data     48869657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data     48911948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data     48848777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data     48865675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data     48942299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total   1156643798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     95900629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total     95913230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    637485117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    182200719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23212357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23200257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     23220334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     23190344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     23198366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     23234742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total    958942236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    637485117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    637485117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     91045719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data         1329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data         1329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data         1329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data         1329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data         1329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data         1329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total     91053695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    637485117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    273246438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23213686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23201586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     23221663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     23191673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     23199695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     23236072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1049995930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                  243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total              61                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks            851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total                 851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks            851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total                1094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                3584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          646                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15              24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 4212852137000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                 112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.551867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     30.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 234047340944.44                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  4121286024400                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF    91562580000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        4145600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           916876.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           977961.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           974937.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                 873936                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::4           872121.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::5           798940.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::6           746323.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::7           968284.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 618528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                 659736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                 657696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 589560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::4                 588336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::5                 538968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::6           503472.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::7                 653208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          3490406.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          3847833.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          3892761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          3515366.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::4          3288729.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::5          3043123.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::6          2891366.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::7          3711052.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         1642291.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         1705328.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         1612431.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         1456496.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::4         1572618.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::5         1393873.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::6         1297244.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::7         1655562.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::4       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::5       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::6       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::7       89855507896.320007                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       26112268157.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       26110771456.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       26110447021.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       26107990750.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::4       26109608711.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::5       26109063645.120003                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::6       26104953078.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::7       26114037747.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       1242296513040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       1242297825936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       1242298110528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       1242300265152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::4       1242298845888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::5       1242299324016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::6       1242302929776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::7       1242294960768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         1358270957196.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         1358271296148.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         1358271203272.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         1358270199157.440186                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::4         1358270284300.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::5         1358269670463.360107                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::6         1358268829156.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::7         1358271494520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           64.413633                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           64.413649                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           64.413644                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           64.413597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::4           64.413601                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::5           64.413572                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::6           64.413532                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::7           64.413658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp6.system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           293339286                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          293339286                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              15140                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             15140                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               101                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             7012                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            935                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3289                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               665                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               20                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    586704302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    586720874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_count::total              586720874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        33144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    586741307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    586774451                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.pkt_size::total               586774451                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 146669643000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 293339875000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     15140000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7570000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1666500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3506998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       467500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1644500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       366432                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       330000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     15098811                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     25435078                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1148                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1551                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           37                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           32                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        38995                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       316483                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        13500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         9998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         9500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.failedReq                      15100011                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.failedResp                     25436661                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.membus.pimReqSuccess                 293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.membus.pimReqFail                     15099438                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 38995                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.pimRespSuccess                293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.membus.pimRespFail                    25436215                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               167000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               58493                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             334983                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.membus.snoops                             5303                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              8751                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    8751    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                8751                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5412500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                8286                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy        146682691500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           293349550                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       293349419500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          293357735                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          293333539                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         293333539                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq             12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp            12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              101                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2644                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           645                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3289                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               20                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              20                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    146673051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total    146674751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    146673052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total    146674750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    146673057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total    146674752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    146673044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total    146674746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             586698999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    146675131                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total    146685371                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    146675164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total    146685660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    146675168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total    146685152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    146675140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total    146685124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total              586741307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 320086793999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 724563406200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     25923400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     18255000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       949400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3696800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       901000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      4611511                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        27600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       197800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     25801106                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1199                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           12                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   3206332600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        35000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       130800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         7800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         9400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.failedReq                     25802323                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.failedResp                          11                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                    25802305                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime           3206463400                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess               293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                         11                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime               35000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime         3206483600                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             35000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                543                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             527800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                297                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            1046800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                680                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             125200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            1394800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                922                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             211800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 55                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             418600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                249                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            1040000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                664                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy       320112664199                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded          293346102                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      181145830078                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          73337363                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      181147061180                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          73337363                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      181146033680                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          73337365                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      181147545573                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          73337358                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
timestamp6.system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp6.system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
timestamp6.system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    293333539                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    293333539                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq        12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp        12601                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          101                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2644                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          645                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3289                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           20                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           20                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    146674751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    146674750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    146674752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    146674746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    586698999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    146685371                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    146685660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    146685152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    146685124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    586741307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 234666831200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 264000302900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11340900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     10080800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       404000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2115200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       516000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2631200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        16000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        80000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           50                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        54389                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.failedResp                    56                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess          293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess         293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                   49                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime         53789                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime        58889                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  58670309700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     73337388                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  58670293500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     73337387                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  58670305900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     73337387                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  58670314200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     73337388                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 264013094900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    293349449                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          293517216                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         293517188                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate           28                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             15140                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            15140                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             5135                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            7053                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1005                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           8058                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6619                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6619                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     97810833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     97755313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     97838426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     97714576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     97753113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     97902568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           79                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             587068631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8083200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     98734678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5861888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     98244274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5683968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     98101224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5783040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     98309186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5774336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     99118134                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5822976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     98597118                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       218624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       187136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77105                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              628642643                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 146758836028                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 298475785511                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     15140499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7570000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    166912445                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3547449                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       525953                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1707981                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      3532026                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     18438977                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     14505697                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3104                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1057                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          179                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          326                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          128                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          877                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   7442749463                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     50653036                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3276000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2309490                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4346496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2252496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       105500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     15697928                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       135000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.failedReq                     14508354                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.failedResp                        3123                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                    14494905                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime           7281471993                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess               293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         7470631873                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          50893536                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoops                           30572                       # Total snoops (count)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           197781                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                197781    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             197781                       # Request fanout histogram
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       146948539900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          293552169                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1026413512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             31575                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       49059726298                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          48906555                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy              4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         744370527                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             22898                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       49059082844                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          48880064                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy              4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy        721746107                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            22203                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      49087623779                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded         48921720                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        734311631                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            22590                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      49063297785                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded         48859687                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy        733247046                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded            22556                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy      49136264324                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded         48878304                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy        739407585                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded            22746                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy      49169949793                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded         48953687                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy            21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded               21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            42499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               42                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         27768472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              854                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy          9054496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded              308                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         23765480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              731                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         11844497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              446                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access             671408071                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access             382855054                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access          95052200                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles              8425709752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts          480499701                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps            480537937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses    432228093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls              22828                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     48293407                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts           432228093                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads    958594086                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes    288029899                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads   2302475742                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes    147361699                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs            382855055                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts          286953978                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts          95901077                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles        8425709752                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                 48332672                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         97682882     20.33%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead       286953978     59.72%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       95901077     19.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total         480537937                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples     95051752                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4     95051752    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total     95051752                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          448                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          448    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          448                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 90249358.035534                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean 90149644.644676                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 2792369.945669                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          172      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          128      0.03%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          132      0.03%      0.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          134      0.03%      0.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07          123      0.03%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          138      0.03%      0.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07          134      0.03%      0.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07          133      0.03%      0.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07          130      0.03%      0.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07       420035     99.70%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08           22      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 90249253.569321      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes         380207008                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean   425.365252                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 19228.515146                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-65535       421074     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::65536-131071            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::131072-196607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::196608-262143            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-327679            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::327680-393215            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::393216-458751            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::458752-524287            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-589823            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::589824-655359            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::655360-720895            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::720896-786431            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-851967          185      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06           26      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth   425.364759      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           1792                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples     95051752                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 37168.129968                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 34550.458225                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 15849.855895                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191        10672      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575     46834351     49.27%     49.28% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     49.28% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959     15223097     16.02%     65.30% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            1      0.00%     65.30% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343     31902900     33.56%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535           41      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727           18      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919           18      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            9      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           13      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495           20      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687           14      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879          119      0.00%     98.86% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071       681573      0.72%     99.58% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263       398906      0.42%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total     95051752                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          448                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          448    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          448                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples     95051752                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   44321.689783                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  30664.529087                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000         9175      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         1309      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000     46813137     49.25%     49.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            2      0.00%     49.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000        17064      0.02%     49.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000           11      0.00%     49.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000     15009004     15.79%     65.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       213335      0.22%     65.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           82      0.00%     65.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000     31902816     33.56%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          142      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          702      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          157      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          137      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           13      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            5      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000          594      0.00%     98.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows      1084066      1.14%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value         7500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value      9082500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total      95051752                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          448                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 9417635168.526785                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 16159372951.056349                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000           52     11.61%     11.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%     11.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          177     39.51%     51.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            8      1.79%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          211     47.10%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value         7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  86783727000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          448                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples      95052200                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     44321.480886                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    30663.695726                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000         9227      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          167      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000         1505      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            8      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000     46813340     49.25%     49.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            2      0.00%     49.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000        17064      0.02%     49.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000           11      0.00%     49.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000     15009004     15.79%     65.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       213335      0.22%     65.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000           83      0.00%     65.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000     31902634     33.56%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          142      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          706      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          157      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          158      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           13      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            5      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000          594      0.00%     98.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows      1084045      1.14%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value      9082500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total        95052200                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.839035                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.367499                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        67812     16.10%     16.10% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1       353473     83.90%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   225.623395                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean   225.373734                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev     6.985435                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15            4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31          110      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47          100      0.02%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63           94      0.02%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          109      0.03%      0.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95           97      0.02%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111           99      0.02%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          100      0.02%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          101      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          108      0.03%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           89      0.02%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          101      0.02%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207          104      0.02%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223        11179      2.65%      2.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239       408890     97.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.001063                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.048071                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0         421074     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2            185      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             26      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq   1251695550                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp   1251695549                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     95913678                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     95913678                       # Transaction distribution
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    190104400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    575605710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total    765710110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   1342816141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   1342816141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    586692204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    586692204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total    2695218455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    380208800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   1151147588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total   1531356388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   2685632280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   2685632280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    586700603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    586700603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total     4803689271                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 625847775000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1381127988200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  95913678000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp  57956720800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq    475304191                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp    497220854                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq     49222665                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp     45912725                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  75658061500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 236372346100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    840302000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   9182558000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq            524526856                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp           543133579                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess        293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail            22772576                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime  12754606500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess       293346102                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail           23884803                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime   5097415000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime  76498363500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime 245554904100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy  47526324000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded     95052200                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy 674235129000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         16.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded   1252557028                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy 383204394900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization          9.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded    382855055                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 711039340400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         16.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    671408070                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy 344840973700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          8.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded    293346102                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0          421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0         421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0          421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0         421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0          421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0         421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0          421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0         421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0          421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0         421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0          421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0         421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 nan                       # TLB hit rate
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             nan                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          nan                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             nan                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       421285    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0          421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0         421285    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total       421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp6.system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.replacements                       136                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7980.478789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.total_refs                       13298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     97.779412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5437.918369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data    87.824992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    89.824476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   157.999208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    57.998873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    10.013508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    22.005779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    16.983276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    48.984950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    34.844857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data           38                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   524.076366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  1096.004134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.663808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.020508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.010721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.020996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.010965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.019287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.007080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.002686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.004254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.004639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.063974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.133790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975464                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1339597                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1339597                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2479                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1471                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          785                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst        22583                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1634                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         3259                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        22744                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1938                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          108                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          720                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          158                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  158069                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             5135                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp6.system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  5135                       # number of Writeback hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           50                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  164                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 70                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   424                       # number of ReadExReq hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         31575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          2506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         22898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          1527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst         22203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst         22583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          1675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst         22556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          3423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst         22744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          2017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_hits::total                   158493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         2506                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         1527                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          813                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst        22583                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         1675                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data         3423                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        22744                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         2017                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          120                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          720                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          175                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_hits::total                  158493                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    38                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1540                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          247                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          143                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          284                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               2521                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          471                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              645                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_misses::total                    181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           81                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           30                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_misses::total                   181                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       870500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       372500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1491500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       287000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1396500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         4791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     54242485                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2022500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       523500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3001500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     60507985                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1107500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2412000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1173000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       438000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1419000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5034499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2129500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       319000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      10577999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       870500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1791500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6525999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1396500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       567500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         15368999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       870500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1791500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6525999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1396500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       567500                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        15368999                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        22590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        22746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              158107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5135                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              5135                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1560                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          265                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          193                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          303                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             2685                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          474                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           69                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            715                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          108                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               567                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        22590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        22746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_accesses::total               158674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        22590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data         3504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        22746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_accesses::total              158674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.015048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.987179                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.840580                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.865000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.932075                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.740933                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.937294                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.636364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.733333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.938920                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.993671                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.585366                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.782609                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.540541                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.590909                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.902098                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.017544                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.305085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.296137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.268519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.190476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.252205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.004896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.012382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.023116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.015048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.004896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.012382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.023116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.015048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 124357.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 124291.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       143500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 126954.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126078.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 35222.392857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         2250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  1508.670520                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8188.259109                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  3660.839161                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10568.661972                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9357.142857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11863.636364                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24001.580722                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2353.503185                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  1805.555556                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         3275                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  2519.230769                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16529.850746                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3739.534884                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 65166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       109500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 78833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 72963.753623                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 73431.034483                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        79750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73972.020979                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 65166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       109500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 124357.142857                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 85309.523810                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 80567.888889                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       143500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 75133.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 126954.545455                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 94583.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84911.596685                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 65166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65000                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       109500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 124357.142857                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 85309.523810                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 80567.888889                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       143500                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 75133.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 126954.545455                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 94583.333333                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84911.596685                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  101                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.l2.writebacks::total                       101                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1540                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          116                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          247                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          143                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          284                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          2521                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          471                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       339500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1359500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1275500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     83602973                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6294998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9386497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     13402496                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7758991                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     15420497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       381000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       599000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136846452                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     25506953                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1303500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1953000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1084000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1410000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3634500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34945953                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       975000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       394000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1221000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4275499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1810500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       275000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9004999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1560500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5634999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1275500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       501500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13377999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1560500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5634999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1275500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       501500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13377999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1468991461991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1467512226960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1469432306487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1467547104481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1468078190987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1470735890492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 8812297442398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     71743000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     71745499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     71737000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     71758500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     71722000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     71735000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        40000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       110500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430591499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1469063204991                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1467583972459                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1469504043487                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1467618862981                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1468149912987                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1470807625492                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       141000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       270500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 8812728033897                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.015048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.987179                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.840580                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.865000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.932075                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.740933                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.937294                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.733333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938920                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.993671                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.585366                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.782609                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.540541                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.590909                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.902098                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.017544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.296137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.268519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.190476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.004896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.012382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.023116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.015048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.007132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.004896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.012382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.023116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.015048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 113357.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 113291.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       132500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115954.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115078.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54287.644805                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54267.224138                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54257.208092                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54261.117409                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54258.678322                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54297.524648                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54428.571429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54454.545455                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54282.606902                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54154.889597                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54312.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54200                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54230.769231                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54246.268657                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54179.772093                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        98500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 67833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 61963.753623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 62431.034483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        68750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62972.020979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        98500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 113357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 74309.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 69567.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       132500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 64133.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115954.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 83583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73911.596685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        98500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 113357.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 74309.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 69567.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       132500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 64133.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 115954.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 83583.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73911.596685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.l2.waiting_on_retry                   15100011                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     73333317                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000055                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.118643                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       73333301    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      73333317                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3249                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.516159                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.587392                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    21.717903                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3225     99.26%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           24      0.74%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3249                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     34815074.355840                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1160767.675344                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          284      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          333      0.08%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          505      0.12%      0.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          399      0.09%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07       419759     99.64%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        34815036.904820      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                 146670698                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3479.354831                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   280508.333286                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06       421270    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth        3482.911335      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  14673                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        73333317                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11447.213141                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11445.915138                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        179.716849                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     73333299    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           15      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          73333317                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples           3224                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11508.560794                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11506.534140                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       219.795777                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3143     97.49%     97.49% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           80      2.48%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.03%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total             3224                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            73333317                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           57448.163677                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          25780.649951                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                 6801      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000           362350      0.49%      0.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000         1478598      2.02%      2.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000         2380853      3.25%      5.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000         3259189      4.44%     10.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000         3857805      5.26%     15.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000         3980724      5.43%     20.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000         3164322      4.31%     25.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000         2558875      3.49%     28.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000         2724306      3.71%     32.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000         4102774      5.59%     38.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000         4784482      6.52%     44.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6604687      9.01%     53.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000         8107025     11.06%     64.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000         9388987     12.80%     77.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000        11392625     15.54%     92.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000         5129339      6.99%     99.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000           13941      0.02%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000            6111      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1942      0.00%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             27581      0.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          26868000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              73333317                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              3249                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         1296668526.623576                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1432046459.040956                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             1      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            17      0.52%      0.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            11      0.34%      0.92% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          148      4.56%      5.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3071     94.52%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           58000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value     11017499000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                3249                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              73336566                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             57445.704793                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            25624.604546                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                   6802      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000             362375      0.49%      0.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000           1478690      2.02%      2.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000           2381042      3.25%      5.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000           3259430      4.44%     10.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000           3858166      5.26%     15.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000           3981074      5.43%     20.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000           3164711      4.32%     25.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000           2559271      3.49%     28.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000           2724689      3.72%     32.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000           4103230      5.60%     38.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000           4785053      6.52%     44.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6605261      9.01%     53.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000           8107677     11.06%     64.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000           9389721     12.80%     77.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000          11393353     15.54%     92.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000           5129659      6.99%     99.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000             13800      0.02%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000              5528      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000             1438      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               25596      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            16266000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                73336566                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.209003                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.407420                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           333376     79.13%     79.13% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1            87768     20.83%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2              141      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000012                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.003445                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          421280    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               5      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           174.070548                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            5.761205                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-15                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-31                 277      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-47                  14      0.00%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-63                 212      0.05%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-79                  95      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-95                 370      0.09%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-111                 76      0.02%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-127                94      0.02%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-143                78      0.02%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-159               260      0.06%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::160-175            416898     98.96%     99.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::176-191              2907      0.69%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.007698                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.103948                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 418697     99.39%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1943      0.46%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    637      0.15%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     73333472                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000059                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.122295                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       73333455    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           17      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      73333472                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3095                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.652019                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.630754                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    22.243585                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3071     99.22%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.22% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           24      0.78%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3095                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     34815207.757219                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1161515.572356                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          283      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          335      0.08%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          505      0.12%      0.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          395      0.09%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07       419760     99.64%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        34815170.780783      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                 146671262                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3415.265201                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   263390.751803                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       421269    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           10      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth        3417.634935      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  14398                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        73333472                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11446.246865                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11444.992500                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        176.505290                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     73333452    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           17      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          73333472                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples           3071                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11510.257245                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11508.299225                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       215.768377                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2997     97.59%     97.59% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           74      2.41%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total             3071                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            73333472                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           57447.911794                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          25779.543565                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                11468      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000           358066      0.49%      0.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000         1500997      2.05%      2.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000         2425453      3.31%      5.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000         3269485      4.46%     10.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000         3801069      5.18%     15.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000         4032630      5.50%     21.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000         3214423      4.38%     25.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000         2607639      3.56%     28.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000         2651656      3.62%     32.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3990854      5.44%     38.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000         4687756      6.39%     44.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6609538      9.01%     53.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000         8011572     10.92%     64.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000         9448543     12.88%     77.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000        11468532     15.64%     92.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000         5193207      7.08%     99.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000           15137      0.02%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000            6065      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1929      0.00%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             27453      0.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          23370000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              73333472                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              3095                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         1361183973.505654                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1504360689.588413                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             8      0.26%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             8      0.26%      0.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          145      4.68%      5.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2934     94.80%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           89000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value     14449855000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                3095                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              73336567                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             57445.617791                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            25709.807899                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                  11468      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000             358087      0.49%      0.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000           1501096      2.05%      2.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000           2425632      3.31%      5.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000           3269730      4.46%     10.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000           3801413      5.18%     15.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000           4033012      5.50%     21.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000           3214791      4.38%     25.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000           2608019      3.56%     28.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000           2652009      3.62%     32.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000           3991228      5.44%     38.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000           4688277      6.39%     44.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6610100      9.01%     53.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000           8012191     10.93%     64.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000           9449244     12.88%     77.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000          11469241     15.64%     92.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000           5193505      7.08%     99.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000             14976      0.02%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000              5533      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000             1426      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               25589      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            16164000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                73336567                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.209500                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.407849                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           333180     79.09%     79.09% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1            87951     20.88%     99.96% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2              154      0.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000009                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.003081                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          421281    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               4      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           174.070914                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            5.761638                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-15                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-31                 277      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-47                  11      0.00%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-63                 214      0.05%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-79                  97      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-95                 370      0.09%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-111                 75      0.02%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-127                93      0.02%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-143                75      0.02%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-159               266      0.06%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::160-175            416809     98.94%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::176-191              2994      0.71%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.007337                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.100868                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 418799     99.41%     99.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1885      0.45%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    597      0.14%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     73333317                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000055                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.118643                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       73333301    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      73333317                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3250                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.447385                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.592711                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    21.260853                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3227     99.29%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.29% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           23      0.71%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3250                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     34815073.881102                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1154946.242523                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          281      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          336      0.08%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          506      0.12%      0.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          396      0.09%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07       419758     99.64%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        34815036.904820      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                 146670698                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3429.032603                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   248107.344782                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       421269    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           10      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth        3430.927583      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  14454                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        73333317                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11447.217015                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11445.919267                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        179.276073                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     73333299    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           16      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          73333317                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples           3228                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11503.779430                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11501.892123                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       211.941233                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3152     97.65%     97.65% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           76      2.35%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total             3228                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            73333317                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           57448.105954                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          25692.889290                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                 6788      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000           362358      0.49%      0.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000         1478575      2.02%      2.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000         2380896      3.25%      5.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000         3259038      4.44%     10.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000         3857763      5.26%     15.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000         3980810      5.43%     20.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000         3164470      4.32%     25.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000         2558852      3.49%     28.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000         2724396      3.72%     32.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000         4102567      5.59%     38.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000         4784530      6.52%     44.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6604703      9.01%     53.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000         8107070     11.06%     64.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000         9388977     12.80%     77.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000        11392189     15.53%     92.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000         5129789      7.00%     99.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000           13887      0.02%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000            6133      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1920      0.00%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             27606      0.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          24091000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              73333317                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              3250                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         1296257778.461539                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1435525941.579302                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             9      0.28%      0.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             9      0.28%      0.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          149      4.58%      5.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3082     94.83%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           84000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10222238000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                3250                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              73336567                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             57445.406301                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            25537.903706                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                   6788      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000             362382      0.49%      0.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000           1478672      2.02%      2.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000           2381060      3.25%      5.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000           3259306      4.44%     10.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000           3858116      5.26%     15.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000           3981186      5.43%     20.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000           3164825      4.32%     25.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000           2559271      3.49%     28.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000           2724830      3.72%     32.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000           4102991      5.59%     38.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000           4785066      6.52%     44.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6605302      9.01%     53.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000           8107744     11.06%     64.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000           9389701     12.80%     77.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000          11392909     15.54%     92.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000           5130093      7.00%     99.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000             13757      0.02%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000              5533      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000             1434      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               25601      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value             9391000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                73336567                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.209338                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.407676                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           333238     79.10%     79.10% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1            87903     20.87%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2              144      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000005                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.002179                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          421283    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               2      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           174.070544                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            5.761277                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-15                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-31                 277      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-47                  11      0.00%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-63                 214      0.05%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-79                  97      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-95                 369      0.09%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-111                 75      0.02%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-127                93      0.02%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-143                76      0.02%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-159               269      0.06%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::160-175            416889     98.96%     99.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::176-191              2911      0.69%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.007707                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.103810                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 418687     99.38%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1958      0.46%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    632      0.15%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     73333453                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000031                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.088982                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       73333444    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      73333453                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3108                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      5.126126                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.647741                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    24.789416                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3078     99.03%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           30      0.97%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3108                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     34814655.636920                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1150141.610825                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06          279      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          211      0.05%      0.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          125      0.03%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          395      0.09%      0.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07          112      0.03%      0.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          270      0.06%      0.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          129      0.03%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07       419757     99.64%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        34814679.427517      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                 146669192                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3779.863988                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   296552.979579                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06       421264    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           15      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth        3781.758562      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  15932                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        73333453                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11446.215608                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11444.967552                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        174.816379                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     73333441    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          73333453                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples           3078                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11512.995452                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11510.990817                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       218.334302                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3005     97.63%     97.63% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           73      2.37%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total             3078                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            73333453                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           57448.169610                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          25889.084831                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                11424      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000           358132      0.49%      0.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000         1500793      2.05%      2.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000         2425753      3.31%      5.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000         3269470      4.46%     10.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000         3800927      5.18%     15.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000         4032740      5.50%     21.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000         3214375      4.38%     25.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000         2607683      3.56%     28.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000         2651377      3.62%     32.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000         3991026      5.44%     38.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000         4687802      6.39%     44.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6609436      9.01%     53.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000         8011622     10.92%     64.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000         9448583     12.88%     77.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000        11468702     15.64%     92.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000         5193084      7.08%     99.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000           15050      0.02%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000            6060      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1954      0.00%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             27460      0.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          26268000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              73333453                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              3108                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         1355488275.418275                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1472012722.055627                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            16      0.51%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            11      0.35%      0.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          117      3.76%      4.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2963     95.33%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           62000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10479054000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                3108                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              73336561                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             57445.663412                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            25662.578239                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                  11425      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000             358151      0.49%      0.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000           1500874      2.05%      2.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000           2425936      3.31%      5.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000           3269720      4.46%     10.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000           3801246      5.18%     15.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000           4033135      5.50%     21.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000           3214777      4.38%     25.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000           2608058      3.56%     28.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000           2651773      3.62%     32.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000           3991399      5.44%     38.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000           4688316      6.39%     44.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6610012      9.01%     53.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000           8012271     10.93%     64.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000           9449278     12.88%     77.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000          11469343     15.64%     92.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000           5193385      7.08%     99.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000             14884      0.02%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000              5539      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000             1440      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               25599      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            16516000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                73336561                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.209682                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.407939                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           333096     79.07%     79.07% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1            88042     20.90%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2              147      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000014                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.003774                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          421279    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               6      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           174.070867                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            5.761486                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-15                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-31                 278      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-47                  10      0.00%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-63                 218      0.05%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-79                  91      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-95                 370      0.09%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-111                 78      0.02%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-127                91      0.02%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-143                75      0.02%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-159               265      0.06%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::160-175            416835     98.94%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::176-191              2970      0.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.007370                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.101382                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 418795     99.41%     99.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1883      0.45%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    600      0.14%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    293334204                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        2.000609                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.000023                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       0.393214                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       293333501    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          703      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      293334204                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12702                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       4.680916                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.613962                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     22.520536                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          12601     99.20%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          101      0.80%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         12702                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      139260011.631081                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     4594708.602706                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07            1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07          281      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07          213      0.05%      0.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          122      0.03%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          395      0.09%      0.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08          112      0.03%      0.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          269      0.06%      0.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          128      0.03%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08       419757     99.64%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           421285                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         139259924.017940      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                  586681850                       # Number of bytes read
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     14103.516622                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    928250.997531                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       421247     99.99%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           22      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          421285                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        14113.232414      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
timestamp6.system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   59457                       # Number of bytes written
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        293333559                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20041.529952                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20040.751043                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         182.217899                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-8191                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575    293333477    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767           16      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495           55      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          293333559                       # Read request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples           12601                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20140.266646                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20138.582540                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        262.667740                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479         9451     75.00%     75.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         3150     25.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total             12601                       # Write request-response latency
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            293334204                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            14361.989110                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           17438.378946                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000             117398689     40.02%     40.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000          56493931     19.26%     59.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000         29634373     10.10%     69.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         21746600      7.41%     76.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000         14913675      5.08%     81.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000          9390290      3.20%     85.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000          8348812      2.85%     87.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          5408723      1.84%     89.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          6198161      2.11%     91.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          6207496      2.12%     94.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          7279540      2.48%     96.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          4578626      1.56%     98.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000          3149831      1.07%     99.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          1774427      0.60%     99.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           678160      0.23%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            89572      0.03%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            10031      0.00%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            32253      0.01%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               62      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              62      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                890      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           20056000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              293334204                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              12702                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          331668625.177137                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         677371893.725663                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               2      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              2      0.02%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              4      0.03%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              2      0.02%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              4      0.03%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              2      0.02%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              1      0.01%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              5      0.04%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              2      0.02%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              1      0.01%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              1      0.01%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              1      0.01%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           3967     31.23%     31.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            443      3.49%     34.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          3981     31.34%     66.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             4283     33.72%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             2500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       5179966000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                12702                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              293346906                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              14361.340757                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             17385.700542                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000               117405128     40.02%     40.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            56497007     19.26%     59.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000           29636523     10.10%     69.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           21747835      7.41%     76.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000           14914217      5.08%     81.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            9390971      3.20%     85.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            8349272      2.85%     87.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            5409086      1.84%     89.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            6198448      2.11%     91.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            6207480      2.12%     94.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            7278917      2.48%     96.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            4578048      1.56%     98.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            3149311      1.07%     99.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            1774024      0.60%     99.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000             677872      0.23%     99.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000              89486      0.03%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000              10000      0.00%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000              32247      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 59      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                61      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  914      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              7475000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                293346906                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.394313                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.285751                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0            130961     31.09%     31.09% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1            115037     27.31%     58.39% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2             90260     21.42%     79.82% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3             55836     13.25%     93.07% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4             22441      5.33%     98.40% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5              5926      1.41%     99.80% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6               824      0.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        421285                       # Outstanding read transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.000066                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.008152                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           421257     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1               28      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       421285                       # Outstanding write transactions
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            696.284404                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            22.974146                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-63                     4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-127                 277      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-191                 13      0.00%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-255                214      0.05%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-319                 96      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-383                368      0.09%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-447                 76      0.02%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-511                 95      0.02%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-575                 76      0.02%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-639                265      0.06%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::640-703             419801     99.65%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::704-767                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::768-831                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::832-895                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::896-959                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::960-1023                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::1024-1087                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::1088-1151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::1152-1215                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::1216-1279                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.030113                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.300421                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                  417006     98.98%     98.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                      85      0.02%     99.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                      72      0.02%     99.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                    4092      0.97%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                       7      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                      17      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              421285                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
timestamp6.system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
timestamp6.system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   391572184                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                  195900792                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               391572186                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses              195900792                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        587472976                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    587472978                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                  1514533575                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses              1514533575                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.hits                       1514533575                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.itb.accesses                   1514533575                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.numCycles                      8419097056                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1370598217                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.committedOps                   1468717071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1419685705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   97882650                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     49039211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1419685705                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2203416385                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1125892887                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          5580975281                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          538474557                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    587497575                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  391588387                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 195909188                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              6608857.152131                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8412488198.847869                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999215                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000785                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.Branches                        146928127                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                881240200     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   10736      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               391588387     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              195909188     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.op_class::total                1468748531                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            31575                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1514593883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            31575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         47968.135645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3029098725                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      3029098725                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1514502000                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1514502000                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1514502000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1514502000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1514502000                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1514502000                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        31575                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         31575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        31575                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    441960012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441960012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    441960012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    441960012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    441960012                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    441960012                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1514533575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1514533575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1514533575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1514533575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1514533575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1514533575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13997.150024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13997.150024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13997.150024                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13997.150024                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13997.150024                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13997.150024                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        31575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    378357988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    378357988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    378357988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    378357988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    378357988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    378357988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11982.834141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11982.834141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11982.834141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11982.834141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 11982.834141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11982.834141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              1700                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             2942                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          217.908230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             348175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           118.346363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   217.908230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.851204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.851204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1077153704                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1077153704                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    342663340                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      342663340                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    195891812                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     195891812                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         5546                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         5546                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    538555152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       538555152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    538560698                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      538560698                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4041                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3337                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3337                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          520                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          520                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         7378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         7428                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7428                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     45199437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45199437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    137988471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137988471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       451500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       451500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     34305996                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     34305996                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    183187908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    183187908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    183187908                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    183187908                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    342667381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    342667381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    195895149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    195895149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         5596                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         5596                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3131                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3121                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3121                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    538562530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    538562530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    538568126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    538568126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008935                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.008935                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.018524                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018524                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.166613                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.166613                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11185.210839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11185.210839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 41351.055139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41351.055139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7784.482759                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7784.482759                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 65973.069231                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65973.069231                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24828.938466                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24828.938466                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24661.807754                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24661.807754                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1122                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1122                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          520                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     37056563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37056563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    131286529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131286529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       418500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       418500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        36000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     33262004                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33262004                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    168343092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    168343092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    168761592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    168761592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 2057045970606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2057045970606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    100841000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    100841000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 2057146811606                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2057146811606                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.008935                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008935                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002874                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.166613                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166613                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9170.146746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9170.146746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 39342.681750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39342.681750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         8370                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8370                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         4000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 63965.392308                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63965.392308                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22816.900515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22816.900515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22719.654281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22719.654281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2593970                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   391310773                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                  195746594                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               391310775                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses              195746594                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        587057367                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    587057369                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                  1514870134                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses              1514870134                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.hits                       1514870134                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.itb.accesses                   1514870134                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.numCycles                      8416259391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1369664417                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.committedOps                   1467682874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1418693067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   97821859                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     48995646                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1418693067                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2201784007                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1125109544                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          5577066708                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          538097931                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    587076930                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  391323742                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 195753188                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              12530276.245447                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              8403729114.754553                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998511                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001489                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.Branches                        146823910                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                880620404     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   10742      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                32      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               391323742     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              195753188     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.op_class::total                1467708108                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            22898                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1514940208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         66160.372434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3029763166                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      3029763166                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1514847236                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1514847236                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1514847236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1514847236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1514847236                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1514847236                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22898                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         22898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        22898                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    330190527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    330190527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    330190527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    330190527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    330190527                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    330190527                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1514870134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1514870134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1514870134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1514870134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1514870134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1514870134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14420.059700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14420.059700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14420.059700                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14420.059700                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14420.059700                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14420.059700                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        22898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    284023473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    284023473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    284023473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    284023473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    284023473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    284023473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12403.855053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12403.855053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12403.855053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12403.855053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12403.855053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12403.855053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              1400                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1904                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          205.424116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             676849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           355.487920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   205.424116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.802438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.802438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.746094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1076374192                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1076374192                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    342430618                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      342430618                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    195739815                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     195739815                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2249                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2249                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    538170433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       538170433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    538172682                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      538172682                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4870                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4870                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1901                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1901                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           48                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         6771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          6771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         6819                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         6819                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     44964445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44964445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     35503978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35503978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       689999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       689999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2815499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2815499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     80468423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     80468423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     80468423                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     80468423                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    342435488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    342435488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    195741716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    195741716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2297                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2297                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2370                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2370                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2355                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2355                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    538177204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    538177204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    538179501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    538179501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.020897                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.020897                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.027004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.036518                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.036518                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9232.945585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9232.945585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18676.474487                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18676.474487                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10781.234375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10781.234375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32738.360465                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32738.360465                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11884.274553                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11884.274553                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11800.619299                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11800.619299                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          401                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              401                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           48                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     35175555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35175555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     31680022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31680022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       415001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       415001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       259000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       259000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2642501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2642501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     66855577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66855577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     67270578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67270578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 2054631534077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2054631534077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    101361500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    101361500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 2054732895577                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2054732895577                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.020897                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020897                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.007595                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007595                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.036518                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036518                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7222.906571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7222.906571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16664.924776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16664.924776                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8645.854167                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8645.854167                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14388.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14388.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 30726.755814                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30726.755814                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9873.811402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9873.811402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9865.167620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9865.167620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1328599                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   391640208                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                  195908900                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               391640210                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses              195908900                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        587549108                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    587549110                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                  1514935462                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses              1514935462                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.hits                       1514935462                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.itb.accesses                   1514935462                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.numCycles                      8420222724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.committedInsts                 1370806855                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.committedOps                   1468903771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1419874316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_func_calls                   97903512                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     49032774                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1419874316                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2203610256                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes        1126053516                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads          5581709254                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          538544476                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    587565974                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  391652927                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_store_insts                 195913047                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5483457.718727                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8414739266.281273                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999349                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000651                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.Branches                        146942665                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                881349579     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   10667      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                24      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               391652927     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite              195913047     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.op_class::total                1468926244                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            22203                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1514987515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         68233.460118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3029893127                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      3029893127                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1514913259                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1514913259                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1514913259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1514913259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1514913259                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1514913259                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22203                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         22203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        22203                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    318783607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318783607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    318783607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    318783607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    318783607                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    318783607                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1514935462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1514935462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1514935462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1514935462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1514935462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1514935462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14357.681710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14357.681710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14357.681710                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14357.681710                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14357.681710                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14357.681710                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        22203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    274080393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274080393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    274080393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274080393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    274080393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274080393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12344.295501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12344.295501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12344.295501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12344.295501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12344.295501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12344.295501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry              1266                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             1019                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          215.111100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         1184507901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs         1162421.885182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   215.111100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.840278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.840278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1077272696                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1077272696                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    342718558                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      342718558                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    195902137                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     195902137                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2206                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2206                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2196                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2196                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data    538620695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       538620695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data    538622901                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      538622901                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         4200                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4200                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1950                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1950                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         6150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          6150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         6193                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         6193                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     33787451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33787451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     39406477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39406477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       403998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       403998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3469997                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3469997                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     73193928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     73193928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     73193928                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     73193928                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    342722758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    342722758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    195904087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    195904087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2249                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2249                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2291                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2291                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data    538626845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    538626845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data    538629094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    538629094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019120                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.019120                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019974                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019974                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.041467                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.041467                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8044.631190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8044.631190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 20208.449744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20208.449744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8782.565217                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8782.565217                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 36526.284211                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36526.284211                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11901.451707                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11901.451707                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11818.816083                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11818.816083                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          223                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              223                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         4200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     25340549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25340549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     35483523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35483523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       322501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       322501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        76501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        76501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3278003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3278003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     60824072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60824072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     61146573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61146573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 2057611443144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2057611443144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    101371500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    101371500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 2057712814644                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2057712814644                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019120                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019120                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.005211                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005211                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.041467                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041467                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6033.464048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6033.464048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 18196.678462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18196.678462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7500.023256                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7500.023256                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6375.083333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6375.083333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 34505.294737                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34505.294737                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9890.093008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9890.093008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9873.497982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9873.497982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2431701                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   391140268                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                  195660191                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               391140270                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses              195660191                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        586800459                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    586800461                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                  1512980746                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses              1512980746                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.hits                       1512980746                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.itb.accesses                   1512980746                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.numCycles                      8416233515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.committedInsts                 1369065783                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.committedOps                   1467039589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1418071641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   97779122                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     48973329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1418071641                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2200816737                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes        1124618444                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads          5574623228                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          537862744                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    586819403                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  391153120                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 195666283                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              16140653.599674                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              8400092861.400327                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998082                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001918                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.Branches                        146758772                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                880234017     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   10710      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                24      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               391153120     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              195666283     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.op_class::total                1467064154                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      23                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            22590                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1513014604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         66977.184772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3025984082                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      3025984082                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1512958156                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1512958156                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1512958156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1512958156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1512958156                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1512958156                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        22590                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22590                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        22590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         22590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        22590                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        22590                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    333717131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333717131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    333717131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    333717131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    333717131                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    333717131                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1512980746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1512980746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1512980746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1512980746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1512980746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1512980746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14772.781363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14772.781363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14772.781363                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14772.781363                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14772.781363                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14772.781363                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        22590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        22590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        22590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    288263869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288263869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    288263869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    288263869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    288263869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    288263869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12760.684772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12760.684772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12760.684772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12760.684772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12760.684772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12760.684772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry              1632                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2002                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          211.464460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          488713015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs         244112.395105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   211.464460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.826033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.826033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1075902950                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1075902950                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    342280700                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      342280700                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    195653312                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     195653312                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2220                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2220                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2267                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2267                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data    537934012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       537934012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data    537936232                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      537936232                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         5270                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5270                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         2050                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           41                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           41                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          7320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         7361                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         7361                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     48589899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48589899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     49050482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49050482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       436499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       436499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2282499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2282499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     97640381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97640381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     97640381                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97640381                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    342285970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    342285970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    195655362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    195655362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2261                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2261                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2319                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data    537941332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    537941332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data    537943593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    537943593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.018134                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.018134                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.022423                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022423                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.031670                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.031670                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9220.094687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9220.094687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 23927.064390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23927.064390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8394.211538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8394.211538                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 31267.109589                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31267.109589                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13338.849863                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13338.849863                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13264.553865                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13264.553865                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          650                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              650                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         5270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           41                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           73                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         7361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     37962101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37962101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     44932518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44932518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       371501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       371501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        60000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        60000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2135501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2135501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     82894619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82894619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     83266120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83266120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 2054980037594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2054980037594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    101509000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    101509000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 2055081546594                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2055081546594                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.018134                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018134                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.005175                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005175                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.031670                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031670                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7203.434725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7203.434725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21918.301463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21918.301463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         9061                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9061                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         5000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 29253.438356                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29253.438356                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11324.401503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11324.401503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11311.794593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11311.794593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2458658                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                   391287057                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        11                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                  195741386                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses               391287068                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses              195741387                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.hits                        587028443                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                    587028455                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                  1513489425                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses              1513489428                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.hits                       1513489425                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.itb.accesses                   1513489428                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.numCycles                      8416225485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.committedInsts                 1369587223                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.committedOps                   1467597240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses           1418607152                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_func_calls                   97813158                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts     48995667                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_int_insts                  1418607152                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads         2201667002                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes        1125035261                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads          5576737187                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes          538064070                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                    587047597                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_load_insts                  391299886                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_store_insts                 195747711                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              13028839.520360                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              8403196645.479640                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.998452                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.001548                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.Branches                        146815336                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                880563678     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   10713      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                24      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead               391299886     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite              195747711     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.op_class::total                1467622012                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            22556                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs         1513473888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         67098.505409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3027001406                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses      3027001406                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1513466869                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1513466869                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1513466869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total      1513466869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1513466869                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total     1513466869                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22556                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         22556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        22556                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    325307546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325307546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    325307546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    325307546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    325307546                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    325307546                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1513489425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1513489425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1513489425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total   1513489425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1513489425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total   1513489425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14422.217858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14422.217858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14422.217858                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14422.217858                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14422.217858                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14422.217858                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        22556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    279841454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279841454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    279841454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279841454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    279841454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279841454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 12406.519507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12406.519507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 12406.519507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12406.519507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 12406.519507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12406.519507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry              1557                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             4062                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          221.138342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             154193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.959872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   221.138342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.863822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.863822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1076326729                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1076326729                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data    342408996                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      342408996                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data    195734414                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     195734414                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2224                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data    538143410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total       538143410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data    538145634                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total      538145634                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         6810                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6810                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         2155                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2155                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           39                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         8965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          8965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         9004                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         9004                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     72878929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72878929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     45634983                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45634983                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       590999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       590999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2927498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2927498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    118513912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    118513912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    118513912                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    118513912                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    342415806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    342415806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    195736569                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    195736569                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2263                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2263                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2310                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2296                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2296                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data    538152375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total    538152375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data    538154638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total    538154638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.017234                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.017234                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.012987                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012987                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040070                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040070                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10701.751689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10701.751689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 21176.326218                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21176.326218                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19699.966667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19699.966667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 31820.630435                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31820.630435                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13219.622086                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13219.622086                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13162.362506                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13162.362506                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1869                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             1869                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         6810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         2155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           39                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           92                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           92                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         8965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         9004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     59198071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59198071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     41308017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41308017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       574001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       574001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        36000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2742502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2742502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    100506088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100506088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    101080089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101080089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 2055754094085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2055754094085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    101095000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    101095000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 2055855189085                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2055855189085                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.017234                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017234                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003896                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003896                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040070                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040070                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8692.815125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8692.815125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19168.453364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19168.453364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 14717.974359                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14717.974359                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 29809.804348                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29809.804348                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11210.941216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11210.941216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11226.131608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11226.131608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2541888                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                   391892376                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        19                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                  196037983                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        3                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses               391892395                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses              196037986                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.hits                        587930359                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             22                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                    587930381                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                  1515168682                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses              1515168693                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.hits                       1515168682                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.itb.accesses                   1515168693                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.numCycles                      8425701413                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.committedInsts                 1371697812                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.committedOps                   1469861386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses           1420799432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_func_calls                   97967077                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts     49067607                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_int_insts                  1420799432                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads         2205054858                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes        1126780534                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads          5585346530                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes          538895226                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                    587949730                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_load_insts                  391905361                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_store_insts                 196044369                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles               8340.999743                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              8425693072.000257                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.999999                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.000001                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.Branches                        147041050                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                881925898     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   10762      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                41      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead               391905361     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite              196044369     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.op_class::total                1469886431                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            22746                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs         1515128850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         66610.782116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3030360110                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses      3030360110                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1515145936                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1515145936                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1515145936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total      1515145936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1515145936                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total     1515145936                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22746                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22746                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         22746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22746                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        22746                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    329059085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    329059085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    329059085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    329059085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    329059085                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    329059085                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1515168682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1515168682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1515168682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total   1515168682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1515168682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total   1515168682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14466.679196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14466.679196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14466.679196                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14466.679196                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14466.679196                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14466.679196                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        22746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    283241915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283241915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    283241915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    283241915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    283241915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    283241915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12452.383496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12452.383496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12452.383496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12452.383496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12452.383496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12452.383496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry              1397                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             2326                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          228.812783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs          489636188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs         210505.669819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   228.812783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.893800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1077976099                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1077976099                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data    342938883                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      342938883                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data    196030938                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     196030938                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2238                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2238                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2303                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data    538969821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total       538969821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data    538972059                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total      538972059                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         5561                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5561                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          111                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          111                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         7728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          7728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         7795                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         7795                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     53418436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53418436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     53354980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53354980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       706498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       706498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5654500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5654500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        31000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        31000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    106773416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    106773416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    106773416                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    106773416                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    342944444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    342944444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    196033105                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    196033105                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2305                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2305                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2380                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2380                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2356                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2356                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data    538977549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total    538977549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data    538979854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total    538979854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.029067                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.029067                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032353                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032353                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.047114                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047114                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9605.904693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9605.904693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 24621.587448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24621.587448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9175.298701                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9175.298701                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 50941.441441                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50941.441441                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13816.435818                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13816.435818                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13697.680051                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13697.680051                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          693                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              693                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          111                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          111                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         7728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         7795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     42235562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42235562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     49001020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49001020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       639002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       639002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        66500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        66500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5434500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5434500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        29000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        29000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     91236582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91236582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     91875584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91875584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 2059633834622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2059633834622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    101549000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    101549000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 2059735383622                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 2059735383622                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.029067                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029067                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005042                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005042                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.047114                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047114                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7594.958101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7594.958101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 22612.376557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22612.376557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9537.343284                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9537.343284                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  5541.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5541.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 48959.459459                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48959.459459                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11805.975932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11805.975932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11786.476459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11786.476459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry           3144385                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       12045                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      10341                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   12045                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  10341                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.hits                            22386                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                        22386                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                       53883                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                   53883                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.hits                            53883                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.itb.accesses                        53883                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.numCycles                     10019892842                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.committedInsts                      53541                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.committedOps                        60365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                54827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       2608                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         6492                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_int_insts                       54827                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads              98522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes             37177                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              222184                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              22324                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        23761                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      12336                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     11425                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              10019615849.597328                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              276992.402672                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000028                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999972                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.Branches                             9153                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                    37910     61.28%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     181      0.29%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.02%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   12336     19.94%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  11425     18.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.op_class::total                     61862                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              854                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs              50652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.311475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           108620                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          108620                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53029                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53029                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           53029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53029                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          53029                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          854                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          854                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12253972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12253972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12253972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12253972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12253972                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12253972                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        53883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        53883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        53883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        53883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        53883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14348.913349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14348.913349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14348.913349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14348.913349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14348.913349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14348.913349                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     10519028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10519028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     10519028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10519028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     10519028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10519028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12317.362998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12317.362998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12317.362998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12317.362998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12317.362998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12317.362998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                33                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              225                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          207.227312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               4648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.657778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   207.227312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.809482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.809482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            45036                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           45036                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        11581                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          11581                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        10205                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10205                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           92                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           92                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        21786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           21786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        21878                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          21878                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          295                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          295                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2875997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2875997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       740500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       740500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        85500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       101499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       101499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3616497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3616497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3616497                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3616497                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        11834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        10239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          100                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data        22073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        22073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data        22173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        22173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.021379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.080000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.080000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.075472                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.075472                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.060000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.060000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11367.577075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11367.577075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 21779.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21779.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10687.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10687.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 16916.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16916.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12601.034843                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12601.034843                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12259.311864                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12259.311864                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           57                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               57                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2367003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2367003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       672500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       672500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        87500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        87500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        88501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3039503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3039503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3127003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3127003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       224000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       224000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.021379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003321                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003321                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.080000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.060000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.013304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9355.743083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9355.743083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 19779.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19779.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10937.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10937.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14750.166667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14750.166667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10590.602787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10590.602787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10600.010169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10600.010169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                24                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        8253                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       6523                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    8255                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   6523                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            14776                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        14778                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       37583                       # ITB inst hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         1                       # ITB inst misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   37584                       # ITB inst accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.hits                            37583                       # DTB hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        37584                       # DTB accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.numCycles                      8425709803                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
timestamp6.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
timestamp6.system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.committedInsts                      36908                       # Number of instructions committed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.committedOps                        44037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                39954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       2302                       # number of times a function call or return occured
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         4742                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       39954                       # number of integer instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              69729                       # number of times the integer registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             27546                       # number of times the integer registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              160972                       # number of times the CC registers were read
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              16603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        15899                       # number of memory refs
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       8521                       # Number of load instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      7378                       # Number of store instructions
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              8425522775.700891                       # Number of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              187027.299110                       # Number of busy cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000022                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999978                       # Percentage of idle cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.Branches                             7182                       # Number of branches fetched
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    29293     64.68%     64.68% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      80      0.18%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.86% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.03%     64.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.89% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    8521     18.82%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   7378     16.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.op_class::total                     45286                       # Class of executed instruction
timestamp6.system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              731                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              32483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.436389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            75897                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           75897                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        36852                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          36852                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        36852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           36852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        36852                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          36852                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          731                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          731                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12792480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12792480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12792480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12792480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12792480                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12792480                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        37583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        37583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        37583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        37583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        37583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17499.972640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17499.972640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17499.972640                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17499.972640                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17499.972640                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17499.972640                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11314520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11314520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11314520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11314520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11314520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11314520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.019450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15478.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15478.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15478.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15478.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15478.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15478.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                75                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              252                       # number of replacements
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          220.984454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               6545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.972222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   220.984454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.863221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.863221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            29889                       # Number of tag accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           29889                       # Number of data accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         7645                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           7645                       # number of ReadReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         6267                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6267                       # number of WriteReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           99                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           13912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        14011                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          14011                       # number of overall hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          308                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          308                       # number of ReadReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          403                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          403                       # number of overall misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4031997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4031997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1776000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1776000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       372500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       372500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       423500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       423500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5807997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      5807997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5807997                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      5807997                       # number of overall miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          116                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        14298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        14298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        14414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        14414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.146552                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.146552                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.130682                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.130682                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.132948                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.132948                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13090.899351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13090.899351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22769.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22769.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16195.652174                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16195.652174                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18413.043478                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18413.043478                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15046.624352                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15046.624352                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14411.903226                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14411.903226                       # average overall miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          120                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              120                       # number of writebacks
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3413003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3413003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       275000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       275000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        85500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       377500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       377500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5033003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5033003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5308003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       213500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       213500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       469500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       469500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012293                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012293                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.146552                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146552                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.039773                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039773                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.132948                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132948                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11081.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11081.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20769.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20769.230769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16176.470588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16176.470588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12214.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12214.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16413.043478                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16413.043478                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13038.867876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13038.867876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13171.223325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13171.223325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
timestamp6.system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                53                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 4212854876500 # Number of ticks simulated [timestamp6_sim_ticks]
